,location,job_title,url,job_desc
0,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CKAYyaDrtCvoLwg-P5sSyUZFALi_GpTHLMlv2WuC9z-V2TxZxr-IL666gOZAsInnM30lw2DiVAOorYTVlJmaTNbGhJFy_DN0I4NBiJuUx_ThmCuYHNriH1VDojNoxTVDGMGZuFYYvtDyRZNjJxzuPTWEYV57suF7DhHteUUdooN-3z8v58nnYsCdKmVt7-P0ugLgF6SVGjEb8gv_zBF-Pjy2C-40TRkSP9v8ZISOyJrZA3qBioDCo9J-WQPRBRXK0Lz3ZEhTXcla3PduBvylfCQRSS4MawMlQI_mmROCsuZFaS49CnMKdSKocpTuXX9kPdzfQObXr4Zd7sE6w3vmIsProkXGCdXL-KIwvmXHQTiVvOYgCAdgB0RtekMG9vlBH1qcfvxAVN65mAVza1OwbEmgr6nJkZodF-4RO8iQO7mN2nIFtlE8wrRTiEAXBMZrhEF-YRkR5I84RdaV_DgJLEfBUC2OB2ev2Nple5DmA4mMT9YmaKhpZOjqcWDuQrdi4hI1GjvgCucw==&p=0&fvj=1&vjs=3,"Position FP&A (Financial Planning & Analysis) Analyst – Houston, TXSalaryCommensurate with ExperienceEmployment TypeFull-timeJob DescriptionSignet Maritime Corporation has an immediate opening for a detail-oriented, self-motivated and organized FP&A Analyst in the Houston office. Signet is seeking an individual with the ability to succeed in a fast paced and everchanging environment, sometimes under pressure, remaining flexible, proactive, resourceful and efficient while always maintaining a high level of professionalism. As an FP&A analyst, you will work with the CEO, CFO and other executive management playing a key role in financial planning and working across all departments to provide a wide range of financial and decision support information to senior management and the business development team.Duties and Responsibilities· Facilitate and manage the budgeting, forecasting, long-term planning, and implementation of strategic planning initiatives from a financial perspective.· Conducts financial analysis, modeling, forecasting and reporting efforts to ensure efficient financial operations.· Create and maintain relevant financial and operational KPI’s· Support pricing models and new business acquisition proposals· Develop insightful suggestions for investment, sourcing, cost reduction and supports strategic business decisions.· Prepare and maintain 13-week liquidity forecasts· Month-end reporting and analysis, including preparation of monthly division reports, and other ad-hoc requests· Trend analysis· Ad hoc analysis to support management decision-making for new business initiatives. This will include preparing and reviewing a variety of complex financial data and will maintain and update the marketing/sales financial models and forecasts.· Review actuals vs. forecasts, investigate material variances, develop tools for improving the forecasting and actual results and roll them out to the executive and management team.· Supporting capital markets initiatives that may include analyses related to raising debt and equity capital, preparation of investor/lender books, covenant reporting, and other tasks as needed.· Create and automate a business intelligence framework to support various company objectives.Experience and Qualifications· Bachelor's degree in Accounting or Finance from a highly accredited university;· Minimum GPA of 3.0;· 3 years previous accounting/finance experience;· QuickBooks experience preferred but not required;· High proficiency and mastery of MS Office Suite (Excel, PowerPoint, Word);· Background in maritime industry is preferred but not required;· CPA or MBA preferred but not required.Additional Notes:1. Signet Maritime Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer and promotes diversity in the workplace.2. The selected applicant will be subject to successfully passing a pre-employment drug screening and criminal background check.3. Signet Maritime Corporation is a tobacco free company.Job Type: Full-timePay: From $52,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:Accounting: 1 year (Required)License/Certification:CPA license (Preferred)Work Location:One locationThis Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneousPeople-oriented -- enjoys interacting with people and working on group projectsAdaptable/flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in directionDetail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger pictureCompany's website:http://www.signetmaritime.com/Benefit Conditions:Only full-time employees eligibleWork Remotely:NoCOVID-19 Precaution(s):Personal protective equipment provided or requiredTemperature screeningsSocial distancing guidelines in placeVirtual meetingsSanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place"
1,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0AwZweN6eyth3T3bUDK4qkbnnF3btH-VhQvyA9NjUCdXJLLrjPUcO4RePK07FoCPZJcVP4CnawgKOrFZlTQO190oG8asybUvUQfNxj9N5COYZDyc6pzPL5giPSqdfOLxsgKR3FswB1gIHvqrW5Da8yCwJNJuvWo8Ek-vIVGhJXvNRZuRQYhiAEKuwPXu_bSo2Cd9Yw09cIrjw_j0T5knqQuVS6fzQ5kP2VDDNh3Ker_f-RToxtFFWymNMO7Dt9ncSJT3T9C1i10kyGGgXfZm_lC1KzL4vH7Aj0TLDYW9Xf0NG7LQJK7pElFH7Z326mYmZfIOHYPWMu0j9tthRgHM6oN8Tp81kN7rfXU5idM7PvbnbULw7fxan8ELgh3yStBENTYAX7sknF1aOYL1fk6zq3Z2LGAfhkJP5h_ksFeSaDTOsiS5Lge9XEw34BZwiB99ivQRjz_AJK4IOtJaYRqAkvoN__pX6rw9Bf_Zf2ddWLbXSH3vsUrOpp1cD3ogDRG0qzhAvs7dWELMw==&p=1&fvj=1&vjs=3,"JOB SUMMARY:  Finance Analyst will oversee the financial and accounting activities of the corporation, prepare the current financial reports and summaries, and create forecasts predicting future growth.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: · Responsible for the Company’s contracts accounting, including contract review and setup, change orders, revenue recognition, project costs and reports, billings, collection and reconciliation for variances, segregation of direct/indirect cost and cost allocations and allowances for federal and non-federal contracts.· Set up and maintain contract structures to track job costs based on billing and contract types and to comply with contract billing terms and conditions.· Perform contract reporting functions to include budgets vs. actuals, variance reporting, project management support and other support as needed.· Project Lead for proposal pricing support for various Government proposals to include Time & Material, Fixed-Price and Cost-Plus proposals· Contract close-out final billings and related reports.· Review all accounts payable, accounts receivable and collections.· Month-end/year-end closing procedures; responsible for all contract costs, revenues, and profit to be recognized and recorded properly and accurately.· Prepare and submit monthly financial statement.· Prepare and maintain annual Operating Budget with monthly updates and projections.· Provide various year-end audit support.· Perform ad-hoc analyses and additional duties assignedREQUIRED SKILLS AND ABILITIES: · Ability to create and manage corporate budgets.· Excellent communication skills.· Excellent organizational skills, attention to detail, problem solving and analytical skills.· Understanding of and the ability to adhere to generally accepted accounting principles.· Thorough understanding of budgetary and accounting principles, practices, and policies.· Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite or similar software, advanced knowledge of Excel.· Proficient in Deltek Costpoint is a plus.· Experience with accounting software, and computerized ledger systems.· The ability to develop knowledge of, respect for, and skills to engage with those of other cultures or backgrounds is required.EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE: · Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting, Economics, or Finance; Master’s Degree preferred.· Certified Public Accountant designation preferred.· At least eight to ten years of progressively responsible accounting is required.· Expert knowledge of general financial accounting and cost accounting.· Outstandingly conversant with terminologies of business calculations, modern office procedures or methods as well as accounting procedures.· Experience in the Government Contracting arena is required.WORK ENVIRONMENT: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Work primarily in a climate-controlled environment with minimal safety/health hazard potential. Sedentary, sitting, walking, occasional lifting from floor, and bending. Frequent near vision use for reading and computer use. Frequent stressful conditions. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.PHYSICAL DEMANDS: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Must be physically able to operate a variety of office equipment. Physical demand requirements are at levels of those for sedentary work.SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS: Possession of a valid Driver’s License. Subject to a background check and drug screening. Must sign a Confidentiality Agreement and abide by confidentiality regarding program and personnel matters. Indian Preference applies.This certifies that I have read the position description and I am capable of performing all essential functions of the job.Quivera Enterprises, LLC is a Native American, Tribally-owned, Small Business Administration (SBA) 8(a)-certified, small disadvantaged business (SDB). The Wichita and Affiliated Tribes have developed Quivera as the cornerstone of an economic development plan. This plan will provide college educations for tribal members and rebuild the economic foundations of the communities.Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offVision insurancePhysical Setting:OfficeSchedule:Monday to FridayAbility to Commute/Relocate:Houston, TX 77007: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Accounting: 8 years (Preferred)Microsoft Excel: 5 years (Preferred)Government Contracting: 3 years (Preferred)Creating and Managing Budgets: 5 years (Preferred)Communication Skills: 3 years (Preferred)Pricing for Government Contracting: 5 years (Preferred)Work Location:Multiple locationsWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19"
2,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=b6f5f5a22cf73584&fccid=1fc7fdf0baeeb13b&vjs=3,
3,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=c4884d2c3b54b010&fccid=5f589639ccd58869&vjs=3,Experienced in Clinical Trials budget
4,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0APDJ4zuEtHdl36eQZm1YHAwRWKmSslmba6dvMZL5639RoQa9CKnH1jDMqLKyIagKMYfxE28i-Q1SYWUrkLXi7z4PNLaJ9DHbC5GcsxW9jyQOwQuiQsWoK6QTuFvQGKCpoEOA9mGdwWuY1Er2zax7jfnYp37pO8U3g4A9tu5uFmbu0nSSqUJoQar6VLWvYyR2b5_E098KRwBetOlJ_3MqcqUwYPRTZZmdmwSnb84_c9RcH3fiH4CV3qMqKmmeWRyQ90X7UJPKK1KwxoBnvAz1vFzdkFXoykPrIizI7h4EeWGkDi8fBAY0v_kODLiytZlo7OTLGWuDgvS7vV0kF8M4W9su9beabuAfXNUNEEH-LSFM8v9e4V8_Td8JFuPaSg3UNyBCsFQ5jIuYDwjtzHmk_5j9_82tTN0WhWtUZvjsOieRR_ddbFxLzKsBSiqim28tGcAs49PDNTqedXYMirvdeqz8mlW_LAuiptXt3yCGkIZPJzIQqy1iCuL4AXAeOW_FH02DDLVXcp9BMZFMMCEktd&p=4&fvj=0&vjs=3,"Job Title: Financial Analyst Location: Houston, TX Compensation: $65K-$80K with 10% bonus Job Type: Full Time Benefits: Retirement, Healthcare, Paid Holiday, PTO, etc.  Why You Should Apply: They are a well-established real estate company with over 50 years of experience and $7B in revenue They are highly invested in developing and promoting employees from within You will have lots of exposure to senior leadership They have a strong benefits and compensation plan What We’re Looking For: The ideal candidate has 3+ years of public accounting/ homebuilding experience with an interest in handling accounting and financial analysis tasks Bachelor’s is required/CPA is a plus What You’ll Be Doing: Prepare financial models to support land development process. Assist in preparing monthly and quarterly reports Land balance and lot cost reconciliations. Forecasted land development spend relative to land purchase and development expenditures."
5,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0ATmQl8QC8MsPSUYtg6QcSsrNiCenr3UAJ1SEX3NO47gT5gau_sl1UzcgxpZ484uFgJtXyJmT-AjWjzIM0muXpKV-5iemKKJ2LbeOotu6dwTPduFau5YO4q4_3IyUaqsAbBaGxMPga1PzbeH09mp8ZmC9ggDwnFrGH6YwqNDLctsskRUMXoSDQP5yDOF8TSvFTq4ed7KJg8CwQGOZbeXwYF4HdMd3s3_fAsXEuMFeguoSw6Rg1cn34k7PHiNpx4xREc6A9CROqdK8575H3x-ALelRcQ_UHLo_U5BYcd1JqSoHLYb56fgbAEWlbFRdQIIM1EtbCQvxM-Ncf5CPPGhVIABkR3qV9QVdul1Dom3IUHY3kLl2N1DNktQ9fDZgWYqCDt80qQ0gyCDqm1NJoDszB7NYN-xVKGVXS4zi2SCmL4BQXujIhvgdKMLH-de4qct78xLK9rLgdHACf0Hx_X0SWMU1zdsdkm5bzzI7sOQF1qRaG2RgN1J2nI&p=5&fvj=1&vjs=3,"Job Order: 171631, 12 month contractMAIN FUNCTIONSProvides analytical support in order to deliver financial results. Works with internal workers and external vendors to resolve issues and provide ad-hoc financial analysis. Prepares cost reports including forecasts/outlooks. Assists with allocation of funds for projects based on approved budgets and monitors project accounting. Validate invoices, expenditures and change requests impacting budgets. Identifies and implements improvements to cost management processes for greater efficiency and effectiveness. Works with moderate work direction and is skilled and knowledgeable to the position.Senior Financial Analyst might be performing basic financial decisions and financial analysis of high complexity.SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONSFinancial reporting, data analysis, financial systems, attention to detailJob Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $35.00 - $45.00 per hourSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Financial analysis: 3 years (Preferred)SAP: 3 years (Preferred)Work Location:One location"
6,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=2466b19434cc8464&fccid=513ff76657ded866&vjs=3,"Texas Children’s Hospital Since 1954, Texas Children’s has been leading the charge in patient care, education and research to accelerate health care for children and women around the world. When you love what you do, it truly shows in the smiles of our patient families, employees and our numerous accolades such as being consistently ranked as the best children’s hospital in Texas, and among the top in the nation by U.S.News & World Report as well as recognition from Houston Business Journal as one of this city’s Best Places to Work for ten consecutive years. Texas Children’s comprehensive health care network includes our primary hospital in the Texas Medical Center with expertise in over 40 pediatric subspecialties; the Jan and Dan Duncan Neurological Research Institute (NRI); the Feigin Center for pediatric research; Texas Children’s Pavilion for Women, a comprehensive obstetrics/gynecology facility focusing on high-risk births; Texas Children’s Hospital West Campus, a community hospital in suburban West Houston; and Texas Children’s Hospital The Woodlands, the first hospital devoted to children’s care for communities north of Houston. We have also created the nation’s first HMO for children, established the largest pediatric primary care network in the country and a global health program that is channeling care to children and women all over the world. Texas Children’s Hospital is also academically affiliated with Baylor College of Medicine, one of the largest, most diverse and successful pediatric programs in the nation. To join our community of 13,000 dedicated team members, visit texaschildrenspeople.org for career opportunities. You can also learn more about our amazing culture at infinitepassion.org."
7,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0D6qFSVCaa8tXn-rJ3OcXif2lPyFmwsE2iZBGE4YLg1gx__EZLpAlEsnLQxHxM66JkUlQUyN9x_FpkRAjJweX4v5Ejb4beUgRktqHfqVGX-n-j93299ohR5RUp3kIU0C-U4_BA1eRJnfuw_ChM9Z15rT76oGrXAZPHSnen_zj3kmghg73CAk38Rgl3d9H9xN0rUvqA_dqmJPVkyZe_5TePqX9LzVKLhXZQgZ2bdipTRHa0Z5wtIP9bjZeCMMExU_4lvfqSnr8-ZAN8lwRG0cwTELmLypFuxSSTzgwh2ASBbVp1Jjk_Zloe6-jRGYgztJ_hO38W5RIcp0e23d_2ZgNl936RdouVfwcBKh_Ro_61sVAXNL5KLUq7zRNH40Lonk9Nr21aafDMWu5Io4VRWzRwPjPA5vsrvWQ3M7mMKZ75O645gnh5o9WX1cIYEjfs2k0jpex7e4HsjS18Bbl9lQJ-hJW3SzmU9RkOpkQLRMb7Ke__mX1SJ9KbA5x8XuTNLpPPo5JUyD695fRmLurTkPpQUPL_Jm7pA1ug-rgGzfu-BfHrsTtSzjW6R9JmPzxNU_pFSAIaglXvdu-ny67e0AM17NQ4Tho5qMZonUt8514sVlJ5fINgFgiMTRKv5Um4jgQXcqNKS1xJUY2jyohIP5ECk963nmaTy4CrxusTCAZ4OraOfxE-fGugCQVeOtgMvAJ44X7F9eqQzoyNgKEG5f4DCZZusS3zcS0wVdZqXlcxV4tIZGIRYtayRs-lvW-ySwjs_GiJgIjQ0w_E9txiHf_s1r94657LjSvjql4IyOhc5RU0PbmgntgIRdM1exvGiBAx3lyENmHGUV0bp_Bh2tVQf3-FLkGYaQlzmn376Wt5HKqGCjIuwHTnNEGyKVv7eUKtycraqx20hV3IRhrDGa1qhFymdFXwIQYgKHYErmQpdaTEBbnhSpUiDBCR4TWeVpynVHeZRfu1SJ_rMRmq2tOAcATqit85lyiocv5_S8hErBsxX85W6Fqr3d8DBIKnIgUvgpqYdD9jRGP3PGO47a-KbCclSpyn98D5mw1CTpw7eVA_3neEStiqU1NoqpBF1Z7lTmJm1gjxQjM3H8FbNksb5LLDR8SN84BBTCWXsQGiN9juF9Ows1S-XoPVKMlC8iknRQI3_EsjvVF5qks8kQ-UjDJiyImXCw6G9xamCH_tG0RyTLwXPfpbedDiDQ_fFujI=&p=7&fvj=0&vjs=3,"Kelly Services is seeking a Full Time Financial Analyst Contractor in Houston, Texas for a temporary 6-month assignment. Apply today for immediate consideration as we are looking to fill this role ASAP! Days: Monday - Friday (no weekends!) Hours: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM Location: Houston, Texas Pay: DOE (depends on experience)  What you’ll do: reconciliation, budgeting, bridging, & monitoring what goes into the system focus on reporting templates and G Docs, MTP files, budget files, & management reporting files link all data and then ad-hoc requests tie together different aspects of material forecasting and analysis support site transition to Controlling platform automation & improvement of closing activities performed by the Controllers generally support Controller to free up time to focus on key projects improvements What you’ll need: SAP proficiency is a MUST Google Analytics experience is PREFERRED 3 to 5 years proven experience in financial management Bachelor's degree required Microsoft Suite knowledge analytical skills exceptional problem-solving skills highly organized excellent communication and interpersonal skills sound knowledge of accounting fundamentals compliance oriented proficient in accounting software  If you feel you might be a good fit for this role, please submit your application and a Recruiter will contact you for an interview. Why Kelly®? The Managed Solutions practice within Kelly Outsourcing and Consulting Group (KellyOCG®) is one focus within the full array of Kelly Services® workforce solutions. Kelly Services has transformed from the staffing industry pioneer to a leading workforce solutions provider. KellyOCG is the distinguished outsourcing and consulting segment of Kelly Services, known for applying a forward-looking approach that enables companies to make strategic workforce planning decisions that impact their business and competitive advantage. The Managed Solutions practice area of KellyOCG is dedicated to partnering with clients to architect and implement solutions that put them in a position to meet their operational obligation to their organization and freedom to focus on their more strategic business needs. About Kelly Services® As a workforce advocate for over 70 years, we are proud to have a role in managing employment opportunities for more than one million workers around the globe. We employ 550,000 of these individuals directly with the remaining workers engaged through our talent supply chain network of supplier partners. Revenue in 2015 was $5.5 billion. Visit kellyservices.com and connect with us on Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter. Kelly Services is an equal opportunity employer including, but not limited to, Minorities, Females, Individuals with Disabilities, Protected Veterans, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity and is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law. ]]"
8,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8ed1ba8dadb352d1&fccid=ba62ec521e3e5609&vjs=3,"At NRG, we’re bringing the power of energy to people and organizations by putting customers at the center of everything we do. We generate electricity and provide energy solutions and natural gas to millions of customers through our diverse portfolio of retail brands. A Fortune 500 company, operating in the United States and Canada, NRG delivers innovative solutions while advocating for competitive energy markets and customer choice, working towards a sustainable energy future. More information is available at www.nrg.com. Connect with NRG on Facebook, LinkedIn and follow us on Twitter @nrgenergy. Job Summary: We are seeking a full-time Cloud Finops Analyst to serve as the principal lead in managing the resource and cost usage of the cloud environment. The purpose of this role is to ensure we are using our cloud instances effectively, eliminating unnecessary spending, and obtaining clear visibility on our usage. In this role, you will be responsible for proactively collaborating with the Cloud Center of Excellence team, Infrastructure team, and Business Units to manage cloud resources, execute cost-cutting methods, and ensure cloud spending and usage constructively supports organizational growth Essential Duties/Responsibilities: Monitor and continue to forecast the cloud budgets oversee the Billing Dashboards, and manage Savings Plans Create operational metrics to demonstrate costs and usage and to identify areas for cost-cutting and improvement Serve as a liaison between Azure/AWS and NRG to obtain recommendations on how to reduce costs and use resources effectively in our environments Manage our AWS Reserved Instances Ensure all resources are tagged according to tagging standards to tag both new and pre-existing resources as we grow Devise and distribute billing reports to internal stakeholders, to achieve effective cost management Coordinate with the SHI/Cloud Health, who manages anomaly monitoring on our services Working Conditions: Open office environment. Hybrid office/remote schedule Some overtime potentially required as special projects arise. No travel required Minimum Requirements: High school degree required 5 years office work experience Proficient in Excel Spreadsheets Preferred Qualifications: Financial Background or 2 years AWS and/or Azure experience Basic understanding of cloud cost reduction strategies Additional Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Ability to work under pressure Ability to lead meetings and to liase with business units and leadership team Self-Motivated Detail Oriented Physical Requirements: N/A NRG Energy is committed to a drug and alcohol free workplace. To the extent permitted by law and any applicable collective bargaining agreement, employees are subject to periodic random drug testing, and post-accident and reasonable suspicion drug and alcohol testing. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability Level, Title and/or Salary may be adjusted based on the applicant's experience or skills. Official description on file with Human Resources."
9,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=b9bc4ef396862112&fccid=cd562fbb7a33d561&vjs=3,"Looking to join an exciting disruptive technology company? NurseDash is expanding its team. Founded in Houston, NurseDash is growing into multiple markets and regions across the country. Our platform empowers nurses by connecting them to per diem shifts. We have a growing client base and are looking to add to our operations team. The Financial Analyst role provides full-service support to our clinicians and facility clients. Processing payments and invoices and translate insights into actions to improve our product. Responsibilities Prepare and process payment distribution for the users of the platform Client invoice creation and distribution Collaborate with users and clients to achieve the most suitable outcome for all parties Fastidious recordkeeping throughout daily processes Review of client activity for anomalous behavior Transaction execution and reconciliation Assist users and clients with queries relating to the transactions Prepare reports and analyses to facilitate the business function Traits We Seek Ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously, going from technical/financial to client interaction with ease Desire to make a meaningful impact at a fast-growing, exciting company Self-discipline with a strong work ethic and the ability to work autonomously Superior interpersonal skills with the ability to work with various types of clients Critical thinker, continuous improvement mindset Detail-oriented and very organized Problem solver, enjoys helping others Solid analytical skills, ability to learn at a fast pace Experience and Skills Aptitude for data analysis Advanced computer skills - Microsoft Excel Excellent written and verbal communication Practical knowledge of transaction processing, specifically ACH and wire transfers College degree preferred Perks Working with a remote distributed team with work from home environment Casual team-oriented environment Competitive pay rates with eligible increases Medical, Dental, Vision, and Short-term/Long-term Disability Industry-specific training Opportunity for advancement at a rapidly growing Houston-based technology company NurseDash is an equal opportunity employer. We make all employment decisions without regard to gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, race, color, religion, age, pregnancy, national origin, veteran status, disability or any other classification protected by applicable laws."
10,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=e40b98aff9f16e3a&fccid=2e5b91edebf8c5ab&vjs=3,"The Financial Analyst acts as a liaison between HCTRA's Finance division and other divisions within HCTRA, various Harris County departments, and other public agencies on tolling, finance, accounting, and auditing matters. Extracts, reviews, and analyzes financial and operational information to assist in making recommendations on procedures, business rules development, and economic and business decisions; performs research and creates schedules for reports. Coordinates with all HCTRA divisions on a quarterly basis to provide explanations on significant variances between budget and actual, and updates to KPI performance metrics. Assists with bonding and debt issues as they arise. Performs other related duties as assigned.  Duties & Responsibilities: Assists with monitoring accounting and reporting relating to tolling activity, including preparation of annual budget and departmental budgets. Assists with annual budget preparation, departmental budgets, quarterly KPI performance tracking and analysis, and managerial reporting. Assists and conducts revenue and expense forecasting utilizing best practices for descriptive/inferential statistics, financial modeling, and Public budgeting. Performs research and assists with agency planning, makes recommendations on procedures, and implementation of policies for fiscal management. Assists with bonding and debt issues as they arise. Other Duties:  This job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties, or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this position. Management may, at its discretion, assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. Harris County is an Equal Opportunity Employer https://hrrm.harriscountytx.gov/Pages/EqualEmploymentOpportunityPlan.aspx If you need special services or accommodations, please call (713) 274-5445 or email ADACoordinator@bmd.hctx.net  Requirements Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, Finance, Accounting or a related field from an accredited four-year college or university. Minimum Three (3) years of professional experience in finance or related field. Intermediate to advanced Excel skills. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:  Knowledge of Harris County auditing, accounting, and finance processes, and standard policies and procedures. Knowledge of tolling industry Strong written, oral communications and interpersonal skills. Ability to understand, interpret and apply applicable rules, regulations, policies, and procedures. Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with others. Ability to perform basic and complex mathematical calculations quickly and accurately. Strong analytical and data gathering skills. Ability to reason and solve problems independently. Physical Demands:  Light Work-Exerting up to 20 pounds of force frequently, and/or a negligible amount of force constantly to move objects. If the use of arm and/or leg control requires exertion of forces greater than that of sedentary work and if the worker sits most of the time, the job is considered light work. NOTE: To qualify for this position, required experience, education, knowledge, and skills must be clearly stated on your application's employment history. Resumes are welcome, but we do not use any information provided on your resume to qualify and refer you to the Hiring Department for consideration. Preferences Previous experience in governmental accounting and/or financial activities is preferred. General Information WORK ENVIRONMENT: There are no major sources of discomfort. A normal office environment with acceptable lighting, temperature controls and furnishings is provided. HOURS:  This is a full-time position. Monday through Friday Hours may vary based on the business needs of the department. LOCATION:  HCTRA Finance division at Wilshire Place SALARY:  Will be discussed during departmental interview Based on 26 pay periods  Due to a high volume of applications positions may close prior to the advertised closing date."
11,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=bdddad6ab6381703&fccid=ba62ec521e3e5609&vjs=3,
12,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BE1NIxMi_JbcH-ROp8JZ1Q7Gl0zj0qYPSNkFo4TeX5Qi7JG73Jnt262jP0CqRbOJ-5RDIZryp6laKBkuLvoRUb65B5vczuDFfKgHgzmNRedWSNGk9SkbkTmzX3CGNE2XBd5s1NuaVvQRczbIPLk7adphINzU0FYK7XFMd-vMninhb_BMeLpp_aHDvhtnDb0g_SZby3VD5kP4Y_Wh1XPZ4gmp7hrsjVk8xNg63CwGx4hCCrPQXX4lWUSyMAeB79QVABEaLasr5WyksdTZskbMqkX4Be4j5ivcnN7jdlp1mRoah2RZfZrcYAdT3BnFL_PSrNgiDkOMvbcs8n5nzg0hNcTH4d9mVE-dxNpZp_z2MR5Mcl8Gl1nU04NAnYabMtD0xTOlhJIrme-OIoNkXjTQXmN9wa1RkNu-ORzBZZB8SqqLYYcZx2KIVgJ9lLLyaQRAC46OFC9EQiaWFYIzgh7FNoiUIr3dm7CdejpK7G0SplaUAVjLujdC3MFEbTaOp-IuwbBb1b21FwWshEkN1h99ETrvp0-KZoWb5TaJXjPp2fv5wdDX8D49Z0_cKzKmEkZKi0R-IhTNZ-1_TNtQOW_E-mkVYVcoqeZo7SoKMpsB-CbkzqqnvErXhvwfw5y4D89-jZ2EhdDicklK4h9OFhwJ9t&p=12&fvj=0&vjs=3,"Voca has immediate openings available for Financial Analyst professionals in Bellaire, TX! Job Description: To assist leadership in collecting, analyzing and projecting key operational, financial, and statistical information that can be continually measured against quantifiable targets established by all levels of authority, ranging from the departmental managers to the Board of Directors. Prepares reports identifying differences between current actual results, budgeted targets and prior year actual results Prepares ad hoc financial analyses Prepares existing monthly financial and statistical reports Develop new reports and analyses Assists Sr. Analyst(s) with data compilation and report preparation We need someone flexible that can step in to whatever is needed during the ERP project flexible with different projects, data reconcilication, basic payroll knowledge Qualifications Knowledge of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), knowledge of budgeting processes and principles, and knowledge of financial analysis and reporting principles. Ability to use Microsoft applications including Excel and PowerPoint. The ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing is essential. Required- Bachelor's Degree Finance or Accounting, or related business field Required-1 year financial or accounting experience A Master's degree will substitute for the one year of experience required. Shift 40 Hours/Week  Voca: The Spirit of Work IND-HC"
13,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9e121c19883172cd&fccid=aa0c107946f57109&vjs=3,"POSITION OVERVIEW APPLICATIONS ACCEPTED FROM: All Persons Interested  POSTING NUMBER: 25982 SERVICE LINE: Financial Management Services SECTION: Budget REPORTING LOCATION: 611 Walker Street, 24th Floor WORKDAYS & HOURS: M – F, 8:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m.* Subject to change  DESCRIPTION OF DUTIES/ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Prepare, create, analyze, monitor and forecast monthly financial report and annual operating budget. Provide monthly line-item projections based on thorough review of year-to-date actual and trends. Reconcile and provide budget vs actual analysis and variance reports. Performs routine technical work of average complexity involving financial and trend analysis, graphs, charts, and providing recommendations to management related to department operations. Provide technical assistance and acts as liaison to service lines including monthly projection, annual budget, as well as budget transfer and journal entries. Prepare and develop manuals, reports, analyses and forecasting of data. Perform other duties and special projects as requested. The position has significant use of Microsoft Office and SAP. The ideal candidate will have strong written and oral skills and be able to think critically and creatively. Must be a self-starter and committed to completing tasks timely, which will include working additional hours and/or over the weekend as needed. Demonstrated customer service skills; ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with employees, internal and external stakeholders.  WORKING CONDITIONS The position is physically comfortable; the individual has discretion about walking, standing, etc. There are no major sources of discomfort, i.e., essentially normal office environment with acceptable lighting, temperature and air conditions.  This is a Houston Public Works Emergency Management position at the Tier III Level. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS MINIMUM EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS Requires a Bachelor's degree in Finance, Accounting, Business Administration or a closely related field.  MINIMUM EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS Four (4) years of professional experience in finance, economics, budget analysis or a closely related area are required.  Substitutions: Experience cannot be substituted for the Bachelor’s degree requirement. A Master's degree in Finance, Accounting, Business Administration or a closely related field may be substituted for two years of the above experience requirement.  MINIMUM LICENSE REQUIREMENTS None PREFERENCES Preferences will be given to candidates with experience in the following:  **Preference shall be given to eligible veteran applicants provided such persons possess the qualifications necessary for competent discharge of the duties involved in the position applied for, such persons are among the most qualified candidates for the position, and all other factors in accordance with Executive Order 1-6.** GENERAL INFORMATION SELECTION/SKILLS TESTS REQUIRED None However, the department may administer a skill assessment evaluation.  SAFETY IMPACT POSITION No If yes, this position is subject to random drug testing and if a promotional position, candidate must pass an assignment drug test.  SALARY INFORMATION Factors used in determining the salary offered include the candidate's qualifications as well as the pay rates of other employees in this classification.  Annual salary range: $60,347.30-$66,317.94  Pay Grade 21  APPLICATION PROCEDURES Only online applications will be accepted for this City of Houston job and must be received by the Human Resources Department during active posting period. Applications must be submitted online at: www.houstontx.gov.  To view your detailed application status, please log-in to your online profile by visiting: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/houston/default.cfm or call (832-393-6015).  If you need special services or accommodations, call (832.393-6015). (TTY 7-1-1)  If you need login assistance or technical support call 855-524-5627.  Due to the high volume of applications received, the Hiring Department will contact you directly, should you be selected to advance in our recruitment process.  All new and rehires must pass a pre-employment drug test and are subject to a physical examination and verification of information provided."
14,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=50d471e79009353e&fccid=035229327af06091&vjs=3,
15,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=bdddad6ab6381703&fccid=ba62ec521e3e5609&vjs=3,
16,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9e121c19883172cd&fccid=aa0c107946f57109&vjs=3,"POSITION OVERVIEW APPLICATIONS ACCEPTED FROM: All Persons Interested  POSTING NUMBER: 25982 SERVICE LINE: Financial Management Services SECTION: Budget REPORTING LOCATION: 611 Walker Street, 24th Floor WORKDAYS & HOURS: M – F, 8:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m.* Subject to change  DESCRIPTION OF DUTIES/ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Prepare, create, analyze, monitor and forecast monthly financial report and annual operating budget. Provide monthly line-item projections based on thorough review of year-to-date actual and trends. Reconcile and provide budget vs actual analysis and variance reports. Performs routine technical work of average complexity involving financial and trend analysis, graphs, charts, and providing recommendations to management related to department operations. Provide technical assistance and acts as liaison to service lines including monthly projection, annual budget, as well as budget transfer and journal entries. Prepare and develop manuals, reports, analyses and forecasting of data. Perform other duties and special projects as requested. The position has significant use of Microsoft Office and SAP. The ideal candidate will have strong written and oral skills and be able to think critically and creatively. Must be a self-starter and committed to completing tasks timely, which will include working additional hours and/or over the weekend as needed. Demonstrated customer service skills; ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with employees, internal and external stakeholders.  WORKING CONDITIONS The position is physically comfortable; the individual has discretion about walking, standing, etc. There are no major sources of discomfort, i.e., essentially normal office environment with acceptable lighting, temperature and air conditions.  This is a Houston Public Works Emergency Management position at the Tier III Level. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS MINIMUM EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS Requires a Bachelor's degree in Finance, Accounting, Business Administration or a closely related field.  MINIMUM EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS Four (4) years of professional experience in finance, economics, budget analysis or a closely related area are required.  Substitutions: Experience cannot be substituted for the Bachelor’s degree requirement. A Master's degree in Finance, Accounting, Business Administration or a closely related field may be substituted for two years of the above experience requirement.  MINIMUM LICENSE REQUIREMENTS None PREFERENCES Preferences will be given to candidates with experience in the following:  **Preference shall be given to eligible veteran applicants provided such persons possess the qualifications necessary for competent discharge of the duties involved in the position applied for, such persons are among the most qualified candidates for the position, and all other factors in accordance with Executive Order 1-6.** GENERAL INFORMATION SELECTION/SKILLS TESTS REQUIRED None However, the department may administer a skill assessment evaluation.  SAFETY IMPACT POSITION No If yes, this position is subject to random drug testing and if a promotional position, candidate must pass an assignment drug test.  SALARY INFORMATION Factors used in determining the salary offered include the candidate's qualifications as well as the pay rates of other employees in this classification.  Annual salary range: $60,347.30-$66,317.94  Pay Grade 21  APPLICATION PROCEDURES Only online applications will be accepted for this City of Houston job and must be received by the Human Resources Department during active posting period. Applications must be submitted online at: www.houstontx.gov.  To view your detailed application status, please log-in to your online profile by visiting: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/houston/default.cfm or call (832-393-6015).  If you need special services or accommodations, call (832.393-6015). (TTY 7-1-1)  If you need login assistance or technical support call 855-524-5627.  Due to the high volume of applications received, the Hiring Department will contact you directly, should you be selected to advance in our recruitment process.  All new and rehires must pass a pre-employment drug test and are subject to a physical examination and verification of information provided."
17,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=50d471e79009353e&fccid=035229327af06091&vjs=3,
18,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=f71ae97a103489ae&fccid=9a92a4bf81326e1e&vjs=3,"In this role, you will work daily in a fast-paced environment with the data that supports the forecast of all financial statements and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) for all of the Life and Retirement lines of business. One day you may be working with surgical precision to identify and extract a needle-in-the-haystack issue in the data, another you may designing best practices to eliminate manual intervention of a human when moving data from one system to another. You will work on data sets that range from several hundred to several million and develop the code to provide on-demand diagnostics through modern data visualization software. Key responsibilities of this position include: Load and maintain the data of the Life and Retirement consolidated forecast for both the GAAP and solvency ledgers across the data warehouse and the underlying databases that support the Tableau data visualization dashboards Find and fix data anomalies within the Life and Retirement consolidated forecast and create additional safeguards within the forecast to detect future issues before they arise Develop data visualization dashboards that serve as early warning indicators of potential forecast issues and write code to automatically inform the FP&A team of these issues Support data pipeline from Life and Retirement FP&A to Corporate FP&A and develop continuous process efficiency between the data warehouses Write code in Visual Basic, Python, R or other programming language to automate routine data loads into the Life and Retirement consolidated forecast What we are looking for Bachelor’s Degree in Technology or Mathematics or related field 0+ years of relevant work experience Working knowledge of a database query language such as SQL or programming language such as Python or R Demonstrated ability to query and pinpoint anomalies and correct a data set of 100,000 rows or more Experience importing to and exporting from a data warehouse such as SAP BPC or Cognos Experience working with KPIs and/or financial statements: profit and loss, balance sheet, equity roll forward, statement of cash flows Ability to drive continuous process efficiency Experience working with insurance, investments or other financial instruments Possess strong research, analytical and practical problem solving skills It has been and will continue to be the policy of American International Group, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We provide equal opportunity to all qualified individuals regardless of race, color, religion, age, gender, gender expression, national origin, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected categories. At AIG, we believe that diversity and inclusion are critical to our future and our mission – creating a foundation for a creative workplace that leads to innovation, growth, and profitability. Through a wide variety of programs and initiatives, we invest in each employee, seeking to ensure that our people are not only respected as individuals, but also truly valued for their unique perspectives. To learn more please visit: https://www.aig.com/about-us/diversity-equity-and-inclusion AIG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to job applicants and employees with physical or mental disabilities. If you believe you need a reasonable accommodation in order to search for a job opening or to complete any part of the application or hiring process, please send an email to candidatecare@aig.com . Reasonable accommodations will be determined on a case-by-case basis. Functional Area: FA - Finance Estimated Travel Percentage (%): No Travel Relocation Provided: No American General Life Insurance Company"
19,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=94ee5079cbb19640&fccid=d9dfe33fff1b302f&vjs=3,"POSITION SUMMARY: As an Analyst, you will report to a Manager and support the efficient underwriting of new development and financing opportunities. Responsibilities will include collaboration with a variety of business segments and direct communication with division leaders. Successful analysis will lead to effective decision making and proper deployment of personnel and financial resources to acquire and develop large scale projects for vertical and horizontal development that will significantly add to the bottom line for the company. FUTURE GROWTH: The Analyst position is an opportunity to gain experience in an entrepreneurial environment across several asset classes while helping the Signorelli Company to appropriately and efficiently deploy personnel and financial resources in the development process. ESSENTIAL JOB RESPONSIBILITIES: Conduct complex and detailed financial modeling and data analysis (utilizing Microsoft Excel) of vertically integrated large-scale development opportunities across several asset classes. Produce periodic presentations and reports for project stakeholders (i.e. lenders, investors, management, etc.). Model fund waterfalls and promote economics for real estate transactions. Develop and maintain appropriate business and financial models to synthesize insights. Assist in the underwriting of funds and equity partners. Support existing acquisitions and strategic initiatives through ongoing analysis and project management. Gather industry data and competitive information from external and internal business units. Support with public financing vehicles such as Opportunity Zones Funds, Management Districts, Municipal Utility Districts, TIRZ and sales tax agreements. Work effectively with professionals and information sources to obtain and consolidate information, develop conclusions, communicate key analytics to team members. Performs other related duties as assigned. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES: Expert ability to create financial models utilizing MACROS and other advanced Excel functions. Strong financial and statistical background. Excellent understanding of return metrics. Adept in quantitative reasoning. Ability to build positive working relationships with team members and consultants. Ability to work under time constraints and deadlines while managing multiple projects. Detail-oriented with strong administrative and analytical skills. Personality Attributes: self-starter, inquisitive and intellectually curious, effectively work with minimal supervision, detailed problem solver/critical thinker, pro-active and resourceful, exceptional communication skills, organized, high energy level. Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite or similar software, especially Excel and PowerPoint. Exposure to Argus software is a plus. EXPERIENCE, EDUCATION, CERTIFICATIONS AND LICENSES: Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited institution with a focus in Finance, Accounting, or Economics. One or more years of experience in general financial accounting, reporting or analysis, commercial real estate development experience and/or development underwriting experience. Background in real estate, private equity, or investment banking is preferred."
20,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=eb2ff8b7f79f78b2&fccid=6ff8d85d8c6e12bf&vjs=3,"POSITION SUMMARY Under the direction of the Manager, Nitrogen FP&A, this position will be responsible for the preparation of detail and time sensitive forecasts, reports for senior management and board of directors, analyzing results of forecasts and of actual financial results, preparing the annual budget, as well as other special projects and ad hoc reports for senior management. Requests may be time sensitive with minimal advance notice. The incumbent will be required to maintain a comprehensive knowledge of company financial and operational performance along with financial and strategic objectives. This position will be involved with and handle non-public proprietary information with strict confidentiality. EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS Bachelor's Degree in Finance or related field required EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS 0 - 4 years of Finance experienceEnergy industry experience beneficialDemonstrated interpersonal skills and ability to work under minimal supervisionExperience with Hyperion including HFM, Essbase, Smartview, EPM, & EPBCS beneficialIntermediate proficiency in MS Office SuiteStrong spreadsheet financial modeling using ExcelExcellent written and oral communication skillsFundamental accounting knowledge beneficialAbility to resolve complex problemsAbility to articulate complex information to a varied audience clearly and conciselyAbility to multi-task and prioritize projects to manage multiple priorities and deadlines in a fast- paced environmentAbility to adjust schedule to accommodate unexpected changesMinimal travel on as needed basis MAJOR ACCOUNTABILITIESWork on financial planning and analysis for forecast and annual budget for the assigned businessesWork on balance sheet and cash flow forecast for the assigned businessesPrepare materials for management reviews and board presentationsDesign, develop and utilize financial modelsProduce detailed reports, graphs, charts and presentationsInterpret data on price, yield, stability, economic influences and other factors affecting forecasting and financial planningMonitor fundamental economic, industrial and corporate developments by analyzing information from various sourcesRegularly communicate with supervisor work progress, concerns, questionsWork on special projects as needed EXPECTED RESULTS  Effective, timely and professional reporting and presentation of forecasts, budget, and other financial planning and analysis resultsContinuous improvement in analysis, reliability of planning and forecasting and reporting processesTasks completed accurately and timelyAdherence to all company policies and procedures Applicants must be eligible to work in the United States. The Company will not sponsor immigration or work visas.  CVR Energy is an EEO and affirmative action employer. We encourage qualified, minority, female, veteran and disabled candidates to apply."
21,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=3f47aa464c36fca6&fccid=f4c6ba597fc7aa75&vjs=3,"Financial Analyst - Internal Audit Would you like to develop world-class Finance skills? Do you like working in collaborative teams and solving critical issues? Join Baker Hughes Financial Team Our Finance Team provides support and insight for the business through planning, analyzing and reporting. We use extensive data to aid important decision making that impacts our global organisation and to identify areas for improvement. Our team innovates through digitization to constantly improve the value we provide. Partner with the best As a Financial Analyst you will provide financial planning, analysis and reporting for a variety of areas within our organization. You will define key reporting metrics to analyze and propose improvements. You'll oversee and collaborate on projects that will make a difference to our business. As a Financial Analyst, you will be responsible for: Overseeing and support the, offshore, tactical internal audit teams Continuous improvement on the Internal audit SOPs with alignment to HQ Internal Audit programs Working with Cross-functional teams to enforce Baker Hughes global compliance policies Conducting deep dive Internal Audit analysis to support regional/country Anti-Bribery and Corruption (ABC) investigations Supporting the CoE Training program through automated training and custom training Building data analytics and presentations to support monthly and ad hoc reviews of Internal Audit data Working with Digital partners to build, customize and maintain data analytics dashboards supporting the CoE and Baker Hughes Fuel your passion To be successful in this role you will: Strong oral and written communication skills. Strong interpersonal and leadership skills. Ability to work independently. Strong problem solving skills. Bachelor's degree either in finance, supply chain or Internal Audit or equivalent work experience in this area with at least 4 years of experience in Finance Strong competencies related to data analytics, deep dives to identify GAPs in process / systems for continuous improvement projects Candidate must have strong analytics skills using related applications Strong work history with global scope Work in a way that works for you We recognize that everyone is different and that the way in which people want to work and deliver at their best is different for everyone too. In this role, we can offer the following flexible working patterns: Working flexible hours - flexing the times when you work in the day to help you fit everything in and work when you are the most productive Working with us Our people are at the heart of what we do at Baker Hughes. We know we are better when all of our people are developed, engaged and able to bring their whole authentic selves to work. We invest in the health and well-being of our workforce, train and reward talent and develop leaders at all levels to bring out the best in each other. Working for you Our inventions have revolutionized energy for over a century. But to keep going forward tomorrow, we know we have to push the boundaries today. We prioritize rewarding those who embrace change with a package that reflects how much we value their input. Join us, and you can expect: Contemporary work-life balance policies and wellbeing activities Comprehensive private medical care options Safety net of life insurance and disability programs Tailored financial programs Additional elected or voluntary benefits About Us With operations in over 120 countries, we provide better solutions for our customers and richer opportunities for our people. As a leading partner to the energy industry, we're committed to achieving net-zero carbon emissions by 2050 and we're always looking for the right people to help us get there. People who are as passionate as we are about making energy safer, cleaner and more efficient. Join Us Are you seeking an opportunity to make a real difference in a company with a global reach and exciting services and clients? Come join us and grow with a team of people who will energize and inspire you! About Us: With operations in over 120 countries, we provide better solutions for our customers and richer opportunities for our people. As a leading partner to the energy industry, we’re committed to achieving net-zero carbon emissions by 2050 and we’re always looking for the right people to help us get there. People who are as passionate as we are about making energy safer, cleaner and more efficient.  Join Us: Are you seeking an opportunity to make a real difference in a company that values innovation and progress? Join us and become part of a team of people who will challenge and inspire you! Let’s come together and take energy forward.  Baker Hughes Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law."
22,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a822605452e3116d&fccid=b68fb4f47a8d382d&vjs=3,
23,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8e0a4d46e325fe25&fccid=5f589639ccd58869&vjs=3," Master's degree in Business, Finance or Accounting. Concur and SAP experience is also desired for this position."
24,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9c265883a7601f3d&fccid=84982d5610f302fe&vjs=3,"Primary purpose:  Provide and accumulate accurate and timely projected financial information and related analysis and statistics for support in the decision-making process.  Essential duties and responsibilities:  Coordination and preparation of earnings and cash flow forecasts. Coordination and preparation of monthly earnings and financial results and analysis for presentation to management. Coordination and preparation of quarterly earnings reports and reconciliations. Coordination of the annual budgeting process and preparation of reports including earnings, cash flow, and capital budgets. Preparation and analysis of forecasted cash flows. Reconciliation between internal and external reporting both on a book basis and cash basis - Monitoring of monthly accounting close and verification of results. Monitoring and analyzing reports, researching variances, and providing explanations. Provide accurate and timely projected financial information and related statisticsWork on special projects as needed. Position Requirements   Education:  Bachelor’s Degree in business related field, preferably Accounting or Finance.  Experience / specific knowledge:  3-5 years’ experience in accounting or financial analysis and planning. Extensive experience in performing detailed financial variance analysis. Experience in computerized accounting systems, financial modeling, budgets, operations analysis, and management reporting. Detailed understanding of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), financial statements, and the accounting process. Excellent Excel skills. Ability to work independently to understand, design, and create complex models and reports is essential. Must have the skills to communicate effectively in a clear and concise manner in both oral and written form. Ability to handle, prioritize, and execute multiple tasks. Must possess problem solving skills and ability to develop solutions. Critical thinking, understand what is in the numbers and how they interrelate. Must exhibit professionalism and commitment to company values. Must be able to work with a team, take direction from management, meet deadlines, be detail oriented, and committed to produce a quality product. Must be able to work with multiple deadlines and changing priorities; ability to effectively interface with other financial personnel throughout Kinder Morgan. Quick to assume responsibilities; must possess strong organizational skills. Must be flexible and able to work overtime as required.  Preferred education, experience, certifications, competencies, skills, and abilities: Above the minimum requirements; not required but advantageous in this position:  MBA / CPA preferred. Experience with Essbase and Lawson financial systems preferred. Understanding of C&I Power consumer and ERCOT pricing. Kinder Morgan Offers: Competitive Wages 401(k) Savings Plan Retirement Plan Comprehensive Medical/Rx and Dental Plans Paid Time Off Paid Holidays Bonus Program Paid Bus Pass or Parking We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class."
25,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a4cd108ea6715fb3&fccid=fd23f1defdcd40be&vjs=3,"At Memorial Hermann, we're about creating exceptional experiences for both our patients and our employees. Our goal is to provide opportunities for our diverse employee population that develop and grow careers in a team-oriented environment focused on patient care.  Every employee, at every level, begins their journey at Memorial Hermann learning about the history of the organization and its established culture built on trust and integrity. Our employees drive this culture, and we want you to be a part of it.  Job Summary Position is responsible for conducting moderate to complex financial analysis projects, including budgeting, long-range financial forecasts, and presentations of historical information trends.  Job Description  The Financial Analyst is responsible for maintaining the budget and running Ad Hoc reporting. The ideal candidates should have the following skill sets:  Desired Skill Sets:  Experienced Financial Analyst Healthcare Finance experience highly preferred Strong Excel skills (proficient with V Lookup and Pivot Tables) Must be Organized Have great communication skills  Minimum Qualifications  Education: Bachelors Degree in Finance, Accounting or Economics; or equivalent training  Licenses/Certifications: (None)  Experience / Knowledge / Skills:  Two (2) to four (4) years work experience High level of discretion and strong analytical skills required Effective oral and written communication skills Demonstrates commitment to the Partners-in-Caring process by integrating our culture in all internal and external customer interactions; delivers on our brand promise of ""we advance health"" through innovation, accountability, empowerment, collaboration, compassion and results while ensuring one Memorial Hermann.  Principal Accountabilities  Prepares basic financial analyses for various projects, including business plans that support new and expanded services and facility and equipment acquisitions. Participates in the preparation and submission of documentation for long term financing requests. Assists with the development of the annual budget. Develops profitability analysis for clinical service lines and payor classes. Meets with and provides guidance to managers, assisting them in budget preparation or analysis projects. Develops trend analysis reports that monitor hospital or corporate key performance indicators and compares them to internal and external benchmarks. Helps train and provide guidance to new Financial Analysts. Effective oral and written communication skills; adheres to all Memorial Hermann policies, procedures, and standards, within budgetary specifications, including time management, supply management, productivity, and accuracy of practice. Promotes individual professional growth and development by meeting requirements for mandatory/continuing education, skills competency, supports department-based goals which contribute to the success of the organization; serves as preceptor, mentor, and resource to less experienced staff. Other duties as assigned."
26,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a4cd108ea6715fb3&fccid=fd23f1defdcd40be&vjs=3,"At Memorial Hermann, we're about creating exceptional experiences for both our patients and our employees. Our goal is to provide opportunities for our diverse employee population that develop and grow careers in a team-oriented environment focused on patient care.  Every employee, at every level, begins their journey at Memorial Hermann learning about the history of the organization and its established culture built on trust and integrity. Our employees drive this culture, and we want you to be a part of it.  Job Summary Position is responsible for conducting moderate to complex financial analysis projects, including budgeting, long-range financial forecasts, and presentations of historical information trends.  Job Description  The Financial Analyst is responsible for maintaining the budget and running Ad Hoc reporting. The ideal candidates should have the following skill sets:  Desired Skill Sets:  Experienced Financial Analyst Healthcare Finance experience highly preferred Strong Excel skills (proficient with V Lookup and Pivot Tables) Must be Organized Have great communication skills  Minimum Qualifications  Education: Bachelors Degree in Finance, Accounting or Economics; or equivalent training  Licenses/Certifications: (None)  Experience / Knowledge / Skills:  Two (2) to four (4) years work experience High level of discretion and strong analytical skills required Effective oral and written communication skills Demonstrates commitment to the Partners-in-Caring process by integrating our culture in all internal and external customer interactions; delivers on our brand promise of ""we advance health"" through innovation, accountability, empowerment, collaboration, compassion and results while ensuring one Memorial Hermann.  Principal Accountabilities  Prepares basic financial analyses for various projects, including business plans that support new and expanded services and facility and equipment acquisitions. Participates in the preparation and submission of documentation for long term financing requests. Assists with the development of the annual budget. Develops profitability analysis for clinical service lines and payor classes. Meets with and provides guidance to managers, assisting them in budget preparation or analysis projects. Develops trend analysis reports that monitor hospital or corporate key performance indicators and compares them to internal and external benchmarks. Helps train and provide guidance to new Financial Analysts. Effective oral and written communication skills; adheres to all Memorial Hermann policies, procedures, and standards, within budgetary specifications, including time management, supply management, productivity, and accuracy of practice. Promotes individual professional growth and development by meeting requirements for mandatory/continuing education, skills competency, supports department-based goals which contribute to the success of the organization; serves as preceptor, mentor, and resource to less experienced staff. Other duties as assigned."
27,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=36e0ab6b0ebe36e2&fccid=cbfa56f19cc95796&vjs=3,"Title: Financial Analyst (Supporting NASA at Johnson Space Center) Develop and provide project variances, trending and analysis of expenditures, and completion reports. Support long range planning and budget process for the division, including entry into the financial tools for submission to meet finance deadlines and/or targets. Create reports and analyze data to support senior leadership in managing their contracts that will impact monthly financial forecasting Analyzes monthly financial reports for senior leadership in comparison to budget, historical trends and current information to project future Participates in analyses team meetings for month end accounting close and revenue reporting Represents financial organization as an integrator for the division, including interacting with analysts and management at various levels Analyze cost trends in order to correct errors and provide forward guidance to maximize revenue and profit and minimize cost variances. Develop and control project baselines and budgets. Develop Work Breakdown Structure (WBS), perform maintenance and charge number control. Perform moderately complex accounting and analytical tasks, including transaction processing, account reconciliation and analysis. Analyze program funding requirements and track subcontractor costs & fee. Assist in developing presentations and reports for internal and external customers. Identify, diagnose and resolve complex problems independently. Perform other duties as assigned. Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Business, Finance, Accounting or related field and 3-5 years minimum related experience. Knowledge of basic program management concepts (budgets, estimate to complete, project schedules, etc.). Knowledge of project management, scheduling and control account planning concepts. Knowledge of FAR, CAS and government accounting standards. Additional Qualifications: Familiarity with standard government agency reporting requirements (NASA, DOD). Effective use of CostPoint, COBRA, COGNOS systems. Excellent written, verbal and interpersonal communication skills. Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite. Advanced Excel skills. KBR is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, national origin, veteran status, genetic information, union status and/or beliefs, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law."
28,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=d5820115e0f1a0d6&fccid=1fc7fdf0baeeb13b&vjs=3,"At Houston Methodist, the Financial Analyst is responsible for maintaining and analyzing data related to the financial performance of the organization and individual departments. The Analyst is also responsible for compiling and reporting information as requested by Financial Accounting, Internal Audit and management. Other responsibilities include the assistance with annual operating budgets and maintenance of a monthly dashboard of key indicators and external benchmarks.  Requirements: PRIMARY JOB RESPONSIBILITIES  PEOPLE - 10 % Interacts with all levels of personnel within the department, other institutional departments, as well as outside companies to resolve problems/errors or questions regarding basic accounting reconciliation items. SERVICE - 30 %  Assists department administrator and faculty members in managing the clinical/research departmental budget. For Research: Assists in preparation of grant and contract budget proposals as needed. Assists in the oversight of department's financial files for all grant and donor funding. For Research: verifies all faculty, staff and research personnel are charged to the correct grant sources. QUALITY/SAFETY - 10 %  Reviews revenue projections, budget revisions, etc., for physician practice and/or academic department. FINANCE - 40 %  Support the development of auditing, reporting and contract modedling tools as needed for identification and analysis of rate and/or fee schedule auditing, financial performance and contract performance as well as modeling and analysis of potential opportunities. Prepare and maintain revenue models. Support administrator with compilation of information needed for organization profit and loss statements required by financial accounting. Maintain monthly dashboard of key indicators and external benchmarks as defined by management. For Physician Organization: Review contracts/calculate provider productivity bonuses/compensation models. GROWTH/INNOVATION - 10 %  Maintains procedures and SOP's for reconciliation process. This job description is not intended to be all inclusive; the employee will also perform other reasonably related business/job duties as assigned. Houston Methodist reserves the right to revise job duties and responsibilities as the need arises.   Qualifications: EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS Graduate of education program approved by the credentialing body for the required credential(s) indicated below in the Certificates, Licenses and Registrations section. BBA, BS or BA with a major in Accounting, or related degree is required.  EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS  Minimum three years of financial analysis experience in health care environment.  CERTIFICATES, LICENSES AND REGISTRATIONS REQUIRED N/A  KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES REQUIRED Demonstrates the skills and competencies necessary to safely perform the assigned job, determined through on-going skills, competency assessments, and performance evaluations. Sufficient proficiency in speaking, reading, and writing the English language necessary to perform the essential functions of this job, especially with regard to activities impacting patient or employee safety or security. Ability to effectively communicate with patients, physicians, family members and co-workers in a manner consistent with a customer service focus and application of positive language principles. SUPPLEMENTAL REQUIREMENTS Work Attire Yes/No  Uniform No  Scrubs No  Business professional Yes  Other (dept approved) No On-Call* No (for Non-Exempt or Exempt jobs)  Note that employees may be required to be on-call during emergencies (ie. Disaster, Severe Weather Event, etc) regardless of selection above.  Travel**  May require travel within No  Houston Metropolitan area May require travel outside No  of Houston Metropolitan area   **Travel specifications may vary by department.    Please note any other special considerations to this job: __________________________  Company Profile: A cornerstone of Houston Methodist's strategic vision as a source for leading care, Houston Methodist Academic Institute conducts ground breaking translational and clinical research to provide the best care to patients in our community and around the world. At Houston Methodist, fostering innovations with the potential for clinical application is at the very heart of what we do. Our interdisciplinary teams of clinicians and researchers are committed to streamlining the process of translating discoveries into treatments and cures for our patients. APPLY"
29,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=3013d7ebb2a7d4c0&fccid=a8ddba10f7d15989&vjs=3,"Financial Analyst Job Title: Financial Analyst Department: Finance and Accounting Reports to: Director of Data Analytics Location: Houston, TX DESCRIPTION/SUMMARY TravelWifi is looking for an experienced financial analyst to join the finance and accounting team. This position will be heavily focused on Financial Planning & Analysis and will include facilitating preparation and review of all budget and forecast processes, month-end close support, prepare weekly and monthly reports, and providing timely and concise recommendations to improve results and performance. A successful candidate will be highly detail-oriented, quick to adapt, efficient, and possess a strong ability to multi-task and prioritize multiple concurrent projects. They will also be comfortable as an independent producer, take initiative as needed to complete tasks and deliver results in a timely manner and according to strategic time to market and schedules. This candidate will have high visibility to senior management and should be able to communicate effectively and in a concise manner. PRIMARY DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES The following is a list of primary job duties that the FP&A Financial Analyst would be responsible for. This list is not exhaustive and may include other tasks as assigned by management: Provide analytical support to the Finance group through detailed variance analysis, interaction with the Sales and Retail group, and a focus on revenue planning, forecasting, budgeting, and acquisition integration. Investigate and conduct deep dives into data across multiple platforms to identify contributing factors to budget variances. Act as the liaison to multiple US and international departments for budgeting and financial processes. Prepare monthly 3-statement forecast for CFO review. Identify performance issues and make recommendations to management for remedial actions. Support financial analysis and planning for commercial finance operations. Create financial models and perform analysis for business leaders and client strategy. Assist in the development of enhanced analytical tools and processes to proactively respond to changing business conditions. Tools developed will support annual planning cycles, planning and tactical revenue reporting as well as assisting Functional Budget holders and leadership to plan, track, analyze OPEX cost. Heavily involved in integration of new company-wide ERP system. Provide recommendations and feedback to project manager and external consultants as well as check for accuracy of system reports. Develop, manage, and support key organizational and strategic financial models. Other ad hoc tasks and/or analysis as needed. QUALIFICATIONS The ideal candidate would have the following combinations of skills, education, abilities, and attributes: Bachelor’s degree (B.A./B.S.) in finance, accounting, economics, or related field. Minimum of 3-5 years of financial planning and or pricing/commercial experience. Prior Telecom experience is a plus. Must have prior knowledge of finance, accounting, budgeting process, GAAP, and recurring revenue principles including knowledge of automated financial and accounting reporting systems. Systems proficiency including MS Office suite with ADVANCED proficiency in MS Excel and MS PowerPoint. Experience in Power BI a plus. Demonstrated experience in developing complex financial models and analysis. Articulate and be capable of presenting financial information in an easy-to-understand format to non-financial teams. BENEFITS Compensation is a key part of TravelWifi’s total rewards package and important in our efforts to attract, motivate and retain a workforce of top performers. At TravelWifi, you will enjoy the following benefits: Competitive salary/rate Robust variable pay program including annual bonus, spot bonus, President’s Award and referral bonuses. Holistic wellness benefits including Health, Vision, Dental, Short-Term Disability, Long-Term Disability, Life, AD&D, and 401k Savings Plan. 100% Maternity Pay Educational Reimbursement, discount classes/programs from U of H, robust soft-skill library, and career training opportunities Brand new, modern office with full health-club gym, swimming pool, and basketball court Meals, drinks & snacks available on-site No dress code PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS Working conditions are normal for an office environment. Work may require occasional overnight travel and weekend and/or evening work. Description: This position requires a moderate amount of stamina with the ability to perform the above essential job functions and within timetables. Some overtime work may be required. Lifting: The employee must be able to lift up to 10 lbs. frequently and up to 20 lbs. occasionally for short durations. Carrying: The employee must be able to carry up to 10 lbs. frequently and up to 20 lbs. occasionally for short distances. Pushing/Pulling: The employee must be able to push/pull up to 10 lbs. frequently and up to 20 lbs. occasionally usually from desk level to floor or floor to desk level. Other Physical Requirements: Upper extremity usage, motor coordination, range of motion, vision, hearing and balance should be in a range to safely preclude the harm or injury to the employee in this position or the harm or injury to other employees. Considerations: The employee will in most cases work in a central air-conditioned building; however, may be exposed to dust, fumes, or gases and to changes of weather when exposed to outdoors at job sites or other locations."
30,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=f183726f97be01df&fccid=43bf3658a1457638&vjs=3,
31,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=e6c786f766a45dea&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3," BA/BS in Finance, Accounting, Business, Economics, or a highly analytical field (e.g., Engineering, Math, and Computer Science) or equivalent · Minimum 5+ years of finance experience, or master’s degree and 3 years of experience, or an equivalent combination of education and experience.  Where will Amazon’s growth come from next year? In five years? Which product lines are staged to quintuple in size, and which ones are mature?  Who are we: These are some of the most important questions at Amazon today. North American Customer Fulfillment (NACF) will be the answer to many of those questions. Our Fulfillment Centers (FCs) utilize Amazon robotics, scanning machines, and computer systems that track millions of items in a day. As part of the team, you will utilize cutting edge data pipelines, build accurate predictive models, participate in new site launches, and deploy automated software solutions to provide forecasting insights to senior leadership (C suite) driving decisions effecting millions of customers globally.  Career Opportunities: NACF Finance is looking for a Senior Financial Analyst to be the trusted finance partner at one of our sites. Experience with this team opens up several career opportunities across Amazon, e.g. senior roles supporting different business lanes, project management roles, and/or management opportunities locally, regionally, and globally.  Team Exposure: This role will partner closely with a broad range of Finance and business leaders in Operations, HR, Technology, and Retail; as well as with research scientists, technical product managers, and software developers. This role will design, develop, and maintain performance measurements and reporting on strategic input drivers to continuously improve the economics of the business.  Success in this role: The successful candidate will have demonstrated an ability to influence business owners, support thoughtful decision-making, and adapt to a rapidly evolving environment. Regular collaboration with executives and various business units across Amazon will allow you the opportunity to exhibit your verbal and written communication skills. A typical day in this role, provides an opportunity to improve and create new measures for site productivity, innovate creative solutions utilizing large scale data mining tools, identifying high priority work/projects to maximize results for key stakeholders, and solve complex problems effecting companywide strategic decision-making.  Key Responsibilities: ·  Utilizing solid financial knowledge and business acumen to build financial models, interoperate data, draw conclusions, and make recommendations that deliver results, drive improvements, and influence leaders throughout Amazon which may have global impact.  ·  Responsible for delivering weekly/monthly financial close, planning, forecasting, budgeting, and consolidations utilizing financial systems and advance excel functions.  ·  Create effective business partnership, manage competing priorities, and providing guidance during unexpected events  ·  Intuitively utilize active listening skills to communicate data (both written and verbal) in a clear, concise, and unambiguous manner, adjusting your style based on audience, to articulate complex finance issues  ·  Collecting and analyzing quantitative data to develop relevant reports leading to cost reductions  ·  Take part in hiring, developing, and mentoring activities while you seek value, and leverage diverse perspectives  ·  Proactively identify opportunities to resolve finance defects and improve, scale, or simplify finance tools across teams and organizations.  ·  Contribute to work life harmony by becoming a positive, collaborative, and effective influencer to new team members as an indicator of operations excellence. Experience working with large-scale data mining and reporting tools (i.e. SQL, MSAccess, Essbase and/or Cognos) and other financial systems (i.e. Oracle, SAP, Lawson, JD Edwards) · MBA and/or Professional certification (CPA/CMA/Qualified Accounting certificate) Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace.  Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."
32,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=2e6daa41cb18b9ec&fccid=f6b027b9d0fd8d1f&vjs=3,
33,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=03de90f5cc5e63cf&fccid=2e8d9db05f8e399f&vjs=3,"Who are we? Enchanted Rock is a leader and innovator in distributed energy. Enchanted Rock has responded to long-term trends in electricity by becoming the first smart-grid supplier to US energy consumers. The company installs, operates, and integrates its highly flexible, low-cost, and quick-response distributed generation to increase reliability and stability, reduce cost and decrease carbon footprint. At Enchanted Rock, our backup generators ensure that customers will never be without power, allowing their business to operate normally when there is an outage in the area. Our innovative approach provides customers with highly reliable, ultra-clean backup generation at a fraction of the cost of traditional backup solutions. We seek those who share our commitment to customer service, innovation, and ingenuity. Position Overview The Senior Financial Analyst will report to the Vice President of Finance & Corporate Development and will be responsible for providing financial analysis, corporate forecasting & budgeting, assisting with investor outreach and various other functions. Where You Come In Provide financial analysis for corporate forecasting, acquisitions, joint ventures and capital budgeting Assist in preparing budgets, projections, and analysis of existing portfolio of assets Assist with company fundraising efforts and investor outreach Prepare Board materials and portfolio review presentations Lead/perform additional functions as needed What it Takes to Succeed Extensive modeling experience in Excel Prior experience in investment banking and/or financial analysis for energy businesses is required Background in finance and/or accounting with 2-5 years of experience Strong analytical skills Ability to professionally articulate finance and accounting concepts and conclusions in clear, concise, and easy to understand manner Possesses an eagerness to learn and to fulfill versatile responsibilities Takes ownership of job tasks and holds self to a high standard of achievement Proven abilities to function in a small team and self-directed work environment Innovative thinker and problem solver with a proactive approach and the ability to embrace change What you’ll get Competitive pay reflective of your skills and experience level Health, Dental & Vision benefits. New! Employee Assistance Program (EAP) Paid time off including vacation, holidays, sick leave, bereavement & parental leave Think you have what it takes to join the Enchanted Rock team? Send us your cover letter and resume today. Be yourself and keep it useful, funny, and cool! Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Enchanted Rock is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. At Enchanted Rock, we embrace diversity including all the unique characteristics that make us human: race, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, disability, and education — to name a few. We understand and recognize that diverse backgrounds and perspectives strengthen our teams and our business. The foundation of our diversity efforts is closely tied to our core values specifically our value of “The Team” which includes “Mutual Respect, Openness, and Honesty.”"
34,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8220c3c9763645fe&fccid=abf5abce7eb2fbd3&vjs=3,
35,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=db5de425075139c5&fccid=1550a2be8a028d59&vjs=3, Professional
36,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=78062d7ce3b8f0bf&fccid=07f0e73c30b3f4f8&vjs=3,"The Decision Support team within Bristow is responsible for Financial Planning & Analysis, Commercial Analytics and supporting Strategic Planning and Decision Making. The Financial Analyst - Decision Support Corporate provides analysis and reporting to the Corporate management team and supports the overall Decision Support function within the Company. This positon provides monthly analysis and tracking of Corporate objectives, including weekly flight hour and monthly KPI reporting. Financial Analyst - Decision Support Corporate will also perform ad hoc analysis to support the Corporate management team. Key clients include Finance, Treasury, Legal, Operations, Safety, HR and Business Development. The position reports directly to the Director, Decision Support Financial Planning and Reporting. PRINCIPAL RESPONSIBILITIES: Support the preparation of the annual budget and quarterly forecast for the Corporate cost centers. Prepare the weekly flight hour report and assist with fleet reporting Assist in the preparation of the monthly KPI report Provide analysis of monthly operating results for the Corporate cost centers with variance explanations and other data in accordance with guidelines provided by the Director, Decision Support Financial Planning and Reporting in order to facilitate consolidated management reporting Develop relationships with the Corporate management team to become a trusted business partner for those functions. Work with other members of the Decision Support team on ad hoc projects and analysis that may be requested from time-to-time by the CFO or the Decision Support Director. Support the implementation of the Financial Planning software project as directed by the Director, Decision Support Financial Planning and Reporting QUALIFICATIONS: A Bachelor’s degree in Accounting, Finance, or related field 3+ years experience of working in an Accounting, Finance or Planning related field Experienced candidate capable of working across various business lines and developing effective partnering relationships Self-driven with the ability to work effectively on their own or as part of a team collaboration SKILLS: Excellent Presentation Skills Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite particularly Microsoft Word, Excel and PPT; experience with SAP, Hyperion or OneStream reporting helpful Detail conscious Results orientated and continuous improvement mindset Strong verbal and written communication skills at all levels including with leadership and management Highly organized with the ability to organize own workload Highly-motivated with the skills and temperament to function effectively and efficiently in a Corporate environment Exhibit a high level of integrity and confidentiality Ability to keep a level head when working under pressure Ability to work creatively and apply defined systems of work Dedicated to promoting a positive image of the organization Proactive and enthusiastic with a willingness to roll up your sleeves Bristow Group provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local laws."
37,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=561a1fd94be0b965&fccid=2e5b91edebf8c5ab&vjs=3,"Under the supervision of the Harris County Public Health (HCPH) Finance Manager, the Financial Analyst IV is responsible for the preparation of the HCPH Division of Mosquito Vector Control (MVC) annual general fund, grant, and special revenue fund budgets along with the monthly and quarterly analysis thereof. The Analyst will provide financial and operational reports to MVC program managers. The position requires ad hoc special projects with an aptitude for innovation and process improvement strategies. Strong communication skills are required along with the ability to communicate complicated data to various levels of management. This position requires the ability to independently research and resolve financial and accounting issues on a routine basis. The individual will be required to work collaboratively with the Financial Services team to plan, forecast, and monitor accounting-related transactional functions.  Job Duties and Responsibilities: Assists the MVC Director with the development of annual budgets, operational planning, quarterly forecasts, and three-year strategic plans in alignment with HCPH strategic priorities and strategies Provides recommendations for process improvements to increase efficiency, accuracy, and action-ability of departmental goals and public health outcomes Provides timely, accurate reports and analysis of MVC operational performance against historical data and current budget of all fund types Ability to communicate analytical findings across various levels of management and work quickly, collaboratively, and accurately to meet deadlines Educates MVC programs on current business processes and their effects on reported measurements Manages the budgets and performance of grant programs and assists with seeking new grant opportunities Provides internal ad-hoc reports/ presentations on as needed basis Drives process improvements through measurements, metrics, and cost-effective analytics Coordinates purchases throughout the various MVC programs and fund types by initiating, tracking, and processing purchase order requests and manages the receipts of aforementioned Assists MVC management and key stakeholders in interpreting data, investigating opportunities, and gaining insights Maintain productive relationships with Harris County Auditors and Purchasing Offices to facilitate open dialogue regarding business opportunities, innovation, and fiscal accountability Assists with the preparation of monthly, quarterly, and ad hoc management reporting Oversees the departmental fixed-asset annual inventory along with overall supply chain management Performs other duties as assigned Harris County is an Equal Opportunity Employer https://hrrm.harriscountytx.gov/Pages/EqualEmploymentOpportunityPlan.aspx If you need special services or accommodations, please call (713) 274-5445 or email ADACoordinator@bmd.hctx.net  Requirements Bachelor's degree in Statistics, Economics, or Finance from an accredited institution Minimum 2 years experience with grant programs Minimum 1 year Oracle/PeopleSoft accounting module experience or similar platform Advanced experience of Microsoft Office (primarily Power BI, Excel, and PowerPoint) NOTE: To qualify for this position, required experience, education, knowledge, and skills must be clearly stated on your application's employment history. Resumes are welcome, but we do not use any information provided on your resume to qualify and refer you to the Hiring Department for consideration. Preferences First responder experience General Information HOURS: 40 hours/Week This position might require weekend and evening work as needed LOCATION: Houston, TX 77027 SALARY: Will be discussed during departmental interview Based on 26 pay periods Additional Information - Core Competencies  Organizational Leadership Understands the organizational mission. Understands ethics and public good; is concerned with public trust. Demonstrates respect for the opinions and beliefs of others. Collaboration Demonstrates a sense of responsibility for the success of the group. Collaborates with others to improve quality and address needs. Innovation Ability to adapt to change. Interpersonal Abilities/Personal Characteristics Uses sound judgment. Self-motivated. Organizes and maintains work environment to allow for maximum productivity. Communication Communicates clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing. Written and verbal English competency. Able to read and follow directions.  Due to a high volume of applications positions may close prior to the advertised closing date."
38,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=867a3fca883791f7&fccid=2b9436e61900ee7f&vjs=3,
39,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=4b88129fed75ef99&fccid=37cd38946a40559e&vjs=3,"We are looking for an experienced Financial Analyst to assist in the analysis and reporting of operational and financial data required for the decision-making of our executive management team. The ideal candidate for this position will have practical experience in Finance/Accounting and financial modeling and analysis. Pay rate: Based on experience  Position type: Full Time Work Description: The Financial Analyst is responsible for the analysis and reporting of operational and financial data required for the decision-making of our executive management team. Duties and Responsibilities: Utilizing technology to improve the collection of financial & operational data. Developing & maintaining reports to summarize, analyze and present financial/operations data. Preforming monthly and real-time analysis of operational data to help identify operating efficiencies and enhance financial performance. Performing financial pro forma modeling as needed. Researching and evaluating prevailing market conditions and strengths/weaknesses of potential competitors. Serving as a resource and providing support as needed to Operations Managers located throughout the U.S. Assisting in analysis & evaluation of new business opportunities. Assisting in formulation and evaluation of new company bids/contracts. Assisting with various projects as needed. Minimum Qualifications and Skills: Must be at least 18 years of age. Speak, read, write and understand English. Able to pass a pre-employment drug screen, 10-year background check (criminal/employment). Bachelor’s degree in Accounting or Finance required. At least two years of “real world” experience in Finance/Accounting. At least one year of financial modeling and analysis required. Strong analytical skills and financial/business acumen. Ability to work under pressure with tight deadlines. Expert level MS Excel and general proficiency with other MS Office applications. Experience with Sage Intacct or similar accounting software is preferred. Proficient skills in planning, organizing, and customer service/relationship building. Excellent written/verbal communication skills, strong work ethic and a sense of humor are required. Work Environment: This job operates mostly in a professional office environment; occasionally will be exposed to an outdoor setting, the noise level can be loud. Physical Requirements: The physical demands described herein are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Occasional (1-3hrs): Standing; squatting/kneeling; pushing/pulling; twisting/turning; walking; reaching; bending. Constant (7-8hrs): Sitting; repetitive movement. Lifting 20-50lbs max with frequent lifting/carrying of objects up to 25 lbs. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, and the ability to adjust focus.  AccuFleet International is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer AAP/EEO Statement: It is the policy of AccuFleet to provide equal employment opportunities without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, marital status, veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information or any other protected characteristic under applicable law. This policy relates to all phases of employment, including, but not limited to, recruiting, employment, placement, promotion, transfer, demotion, reduction of workforce and termination, rates of pay or other forms of compensation, selection for training, the use of all facilities, and participation in all company-sponsored employee activities. Provisions in applicable laws providing for bona fide occupational qualifications, business necessity or age limitations will be adhered to by the company where appropriate. Experience Required 1 year(s): Financial modeling and analysis 2 year(s): ???Real world??? experience in Finance/Accounting Education Required Bachelors or better in Finance Skills Required Communicate effectively in English MS Excel Behaviors Required Detail Oriented: Capable of carrying out a given task with all details necessary to get the task done well Motivations Required Self-Starter: Inspired to perform without outside help"
40,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=d084e0624737c580&fccid=3b89b9ec324f96c8&vjs=3,"Location: Painted Post, NY/ Houston, TX/ Fort Collins, CO/ Orlando, FL/ Geismer, LA/ Horsham, PA Department: SE GP I SV RCE FIN OPS Job Grade: 07 S30 Mode of Employment: Permanent / Full-time LET’S TALK ABOUT YOU Your profile Bachelor’s degree in Accounting or Finance 5 years of relevant Accounting work experience Proficiency in SAP ERP system is preferred Analytical thinker with strong conceptual and problem-solving skills Ability to work independently and as part of a team Strong time management and organizational skills to manage multiple projects and responsibilities throughout the month Applicants must be legally authorized for employment in the United States without need for current or future employer-sponsored work authorization. Siemens Energy employees with current visa sponsorship may be eligible for internal transfers Your responsibilities Perform Repair Center project cost analysis and revenue recognition Monthly financial forecast preparation for project bookings, revenue, and cost Business partnership with Repair Center Management for financial reporting and cost analysis Perform regular cost reviews including variance analysis with Management Perform various general ledger activities including project related journal entries and balance sheet account reconciliations Support Internal and External Audits as required  Your opportunities for personal growth Flexible work environment with a focus on teamwork and cross training Working in the COE provides exposure to a broad spectrum of Accounting roles and future opportunities  LET’S TALK ABOUT US ""Let’s make tomorrow different today"" is our genuine commitment at Siemens Energy to all customers and employees on the way to a sustainable future. In our Business Unit Industrial Applications we offer comprehensive digital portfolio solutions in the oil and gas sector and other process industries comprising rotating equipment, electrification and solutions for Subsea business. The newly created Center of Excellence [COE] will include a Financial Organization responsible for performing Manufacturing and Repair Centers project and general accounting. We work as a team supporting each other and our technical business partners. MORE INSIGHTS Be Energized. Be you. Lucky for us, we are not all the same. Through diversity we generate power. We run on inclusion and compassion. Our combined creative energy is fueled by at least 130 nationalities. Siemens Energy celebrates character – no matter what ethnic background, gender, age, religion, identity, or disability. We energize society. All of society. Jobs & Careers: https://www.siemens-energy.com/global/en/company/jobs.html Organization: Gas and Power Company: Dresser-Rand Company Experience Level: Experienced Professional Job Type: Full-time Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Siemens Energy is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, citizenship status, ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability unrelated to ability, marital status, family responsibilities, pregnancy, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity, transgender, sex stereotyping, order of protection status, protected veteran or military status, or an unfavorable discharge from military service, and other categories protected by federal, state or local law.  EEO is the Law Applicants and employees are protected under Federal law from discrimination. To learn more, Click here.  Pay Transparency Non-Discrimination Provision Siemens Energy follows Executive Order 11246, including the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision. To learn more, Click here.  California Privacy Notice California residents have the right to receive additional notices about their personal information. To learn more, click here."
41,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=d9b04fea323d909b&fccid=9a92a4bf81326e1e&vjs=3,"Your Future Team AIG Investments is one of the key drivers of revenue and profitability for AIG. We manage over $335 billion in assets on behalf of AIG, its affiliates, and third-party clients across multiple asset classes. Our investment platform spans public and private credit, real estate debt and equity, and public and private equity. The team is comprised of portfolio managers, traders, research analysts, product owners, loan originators and underwriters, and other investment professionals endeavoring to provide strong returns on our clients’ invested capital. At AIG Investments, we are thought leaders in the global asset management industry, with expertise and capital spanning the globe. Our Leveraged Capital team is seeking an Investment Analyst in our Houston, TX office. This team manages approximately $5.0bn of middle market and syndicated leveraged loan investments as part of our broader $40bn Private Credit portfolio. In this role, you will support the Leveraged Capital Team in evaluating new transaction opportunities and monitoring a portfolio of existing loans. You will be exposed to all aspects of the underwriting process and given the opportunity to develop fundamental fixed income investing skills. Your Contribution at AIG Support senior underwriters with transaction deal due diligence, including deal screening, business and industry research, financial modeling, preparation of credit committee presentation materials, and legal documentation review and negotiation Management and monitoring of existing portfolio credits with a focus on reviewing financial statements and compliance reporting in order to prepare and present periodic credit reviews Participation in management presentations, credit committee meetings, and interactions with key counterparties such as investment bankers, private equity sponsors, and issuer management teams Assist with special projects and portfolio pricing/valuation Organizational Structure The Leveraged Capital group is an international (USA and UK) team of ten professionals, who are part of the 50+ member AIG Private Credit Group. The successful candidate should expect to have opportunities to work across the various asset classes within Private Credit. What we are looking for 2+ years of relevant experience Bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution Good written and oral communication skills Team player with a proactive personality, positive attitude, and intellectual curiosity Financial modeling and credit analysis skills are a plus It has been and will continue to be the policy of American International Group, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We provide equal opportunity to all qualified individuals regardless of race, color, religion, age, gender, gender expression, national origin, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected categories. At AIG, we believe that diversity and inclusion are critical to our future and our mission – creating a foundation for a creative workplace that leads to innovation, growth, and profitability. Through a wide variety of programs and initiatives, we invest in each employee, seeking to ensure that our people are not only respected as individuals, but also truly valued for their unique perspectives. To learn more please visit: https://www.aig.com/about-us/diversity-equity-and-inclusion AIG is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to job applicants and employees with physical or mental disabilities. If you believe you need a reasonable accommodation in order to search for a job opening or to complete any part of the application or hiring process, please send an email to candidatecare@aig.com . Reasonable accommodations will be determined on a case-by-case basis. Functional Area: IN - Investment Estimated Travel Percentage (%): Up to 25% Relocation Provided: Yes AIG ASSET MANAGEMENT US LLC"
42,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1769adf1c3244b65&fccid=18321367e2094f4b&vjs=3,"CORPORATE SUMMARY Salt Creek Midstream (SCM) is a greenfield midstream company built to provide a full suite of midstream services and downstream solutions to producers in the Delaware Basin. SCM leverages fundamental and intra-basin knowledge to optimize the value of producer resources, reduce bottlenecks and deliver higher netbacks to the producer. POSITION SUMMARY This is an opportunity for a financial analysis professional to join a dynamic team at a premiere full services midstream provider. The candidate will work closely with the Senior Director of FP&A. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Develop and manage monthly/quarterly forecasts and annual budget. Develop key monthly/quarterly detailed reporting packages for senior management, and Board of Directors and other key stakeholders. Work with cross-functional leaders to maintain complete and accurate long-term forecasts periodically throughout the year. Produce detailed variance analysis on monthly and quarterly bases. Analyze year-over-year trends in company KPIs. Develop and maintain detailed financial models. Provide financial and operating metrics. Support larger FP&A group. Other ad-hoc projects as assigned. REQUIRED QUALIFICIATIONS Bachelor’s Degree in Finance, Economics, Accounting, Business, or related field. 3-5 years of financial planning and analysis. Advanced QuickBooks, Smartsheets and Microsoft Business Central skills preferred. Experience using Power BI, Hyperion, or similar software. Prefer experience in Midstream Oil & Gas. Experience working with multidisciplinary teams. Ability to successfully manage multiple tasks with competing deadlines. Demonstrated ability to derive valuable insights from data. Propensity to collaborate within a team and focus on continued improvement. Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills."
43,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5ec3bb435a65011a&fccid=876bfa98c9e3c0ad&vjs=3,
44,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1786ea168a4f0430&fccid=adc3c3f091364b9c&vjs=3,
45,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=f26583ea2260a59d&fccid=7b5246453e034b1a&vjs=3,"Institutional Property Advisors, a Division of Marcus & Millichap, is seeking a dependable individual with prior experience in real estate financial analysis and valuation. This is a full-time position working directly under the top institutional multifamily brokerage team in the Houston office.  Excellent analytical and professional business writing skills are required. Candidate must have a Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Finance or Real Estate. Superior computer skills are a must; candidate should possess an extremely high comfort level with Microsoft Excel and have general excel financial modeling capabilities.  The Financial Analyst will provide financial and analytical support services, which will include preparing proposals/opinions of value, data input, underwriting property values, performing market research, both in and outside the office to evaluate real estate, analyzing comparable properties and sales trends and preparing financial analysis for presentation to clients. Professionalism and attention to detail are musts.  Most underwriting and proposal assignments will range from $20M to $100M in deal size but will also include private and mid-market assignments ($5M to $20M) and large institutional transactions ($100M+) across Texas.  The Financial Analyst will be a resourceful contributor to the team who can operate in a fast paced and demanding environment, take direction, and multi-task under tight deadlines. Projecting a friendly and professional demeanor while having fun is mandatory for this position.  NOTE: This is NOT a remote work from home position. Applicants must be available to work in the Houston office. Duties will include: Review financial statements and operating information Prepare financial models for commercial real estate valuation Gather and research comparables Call and/or shop market surveys Track market trends such as rental growth and development Help prepare marketing and promotional materials Respond to requests for property information Database Management Job Requirements: Bachelor's degree, or higher Financial analysis and underwriting Exceptional analytical skills Exceptional communication skills, both written and verbal Must be highly organized and detail oriented Works well under deadlines Creative self-starter Must be proficient with Microsoft Excel Ability to handle sensitive material and maintain the highest level of confidentiality Have a team-player attitude #LI-YL1 Our mission is to help our clients create and preserve wealth by providing the best real estate investment sales, financing, research, and advisory services available. Founded in 1971, Marcus & Millichap (NYSE: MMI) is a leading commercial real estate brokerage firm focusing exclusively on investment sales, financing, research, and advisory services, with nearly 2,100 investment sales and financing professionals in 80+ offices throughout the United States and Canada. Marcus & Millichap closes 4.5 transactions every business hour – more than any other real estate investment brokerage firm in the nation. In 2020, the firm closed 8,954 transactions with a sales volume of approximately $43.4 billion. The firm has perfected a powerful property marketing system that integrates broker specialization by property type and market area; the industry’s most comprehensive investment research; a long-standing culture of information sharing; relationships with the largest pool of qualified investors; and state-of-the-art technology that matches buyers and sellers. Marcus & Millichap provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without discrimination with regard to race, religious belief (including dress or grooming practices), color, sex, sex stereotype, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions (including breast feeding), age, national origin, ancestry, sexual orientation, gender identification and expression, transgender status, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic characteristics, genetic information, family care, marital status, enrollment in any public assistance program, status as military, a veteran or qualified disabled veteran, status as an unpaid intern or volunteer, or any other classification protected by law. We also prohibit discrimination based on the perception that anyone has any of those characteristics, or is associated with a person who has or is perceived as having any of those characteristics. In addition to federal law requirements, Marcus & Millichap complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training."
46,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=fc9e4406804f636c&fccid=1fc7fdf0baeeb13b&vjs=3,"The Senior Financial Analyst is responsible for providing complex analysis related to the clinical and financial operations of the hospital. This position is responsible for the routine analysis of data, monthly reporting and special projects for hospital administration. The position requires the ability to work collaboratively with teams and take a lead role to perform the duties of liaison with the I.T. Business Intelligence Team. With experience in business, healthcare and technology projects, this position will be actively involved in developing and advancing Methodist's best practices and tools for business analysis. This individual highlights performance issues, identifies problems, researches possible solutions, and forms conclusions to present to management and others involved. The position requires experience and knowledge of business systems, cost accounting, budgeting, benchmarking, and reporting statistical information in graphical and other presentation formats.  Requirements: DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Responsible for being the reporting and content expert for multiple Hospital Clinical and Financial reporting systems including but not limited to: PeopleSoft Midas Business Intelligence / OBIEE EPSi On a monthly basis, review the actual and budget Financial Accounting G/L data (from PeopleSoft) and report to and reconcile with Hospital Directors and Managers. EF Develop, monitor and report key system operational indicators and recommend improvements. EF Identify and recommend opportunities to employ new or enhance functionality in support of continued performance improvement. EF Maintain a working knowledge of the mainframe cost accounting system and its relationship to other financial and non-financial systems. EF Is familiar with the information contained in the hospital patient database and its relationship to other financial and non-financial systems (i.e., Patient Billing, Medical Records). EF Generate financial reports and make sure they are accurate and released on a timely basis. Recommend, coordinate and perform special projects based upon familiarity with issues of interest to hospital management. Maintain skills in statistical analysis and other data reduction, and in graphical and other presentation formats. Assist in the yearly budget process Responsible for maintaining the Solucient Action O/I benchmarking function including the departmental mapping, gathering quarterly statistical data and submitting the data to Solucient. Send out surveys to departments on behalf of Solucient, gather information and resubmit to Solucient. Explain Action O/I reports procedure to department Managers/Directors and research/answer questions. Map G/L and Job Codes to Action O/I database so that the departments have the appropriate costs and hours for reporting. Collect and submit quarterly statistical data for benchmarking. Run HBSI reports on results for internal review and decision planning. Assist in other requirements from UHC/Solucient. Practices good time management, good assessment in professional decision-making, and management reporting skills. Performs other tasks and duties as assigned by management. Demonstrates the components of the ICARE values statement. Demonstrates Service Pride Standards. Performs other duties as assigned. Follows all safety rules while on the job. Reports accidents promptly and corrects minor safety hazards. Communicates with peers and management regarding any hazards identified in the workplace.  Qualifications: EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS o Bachelor’s Degree in finance, accounting, healthcare administration, business administration or related field. EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS o Three years of financial, budget or cost accounting analysis experience required; experience in a health care environment preferred. CERTIFICATES, LICENSES AND REGISTRATIONS REQUIRED o Certification from a relevant professional organization preferred (i.e.; Certified Healthcare Finance Professional (CHFP), Certified Public Accountant (CPA)) KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES REQUIRED o Demonstrates the skills and competencies necessary to safely perform the assigned job, determined through on-going skills, competency assessments, and performance evaluations. Compensation Services Page 4 of 5 Template created: 20170714-v2 o Sufficient proficiency in speaking, reading, and writing the English language necessary to perform the essential functions of this job, especially with regard to activities impacting patient or employee safety or security. o Ability to effectively communicate with patients, physicians, family members and co-workers in a manner consistent with a customer service focus and application of positive language principles. o Advanced analytical thinking and creative problem solving and ability to define a variety of approraches to business problems. o Advanced knowledge of business process analysis, system requirements, data modeling and functional design. o Strong project management skills. o Strong statistical analysis and data reductions skills. o If assigned to Hospital: Familiarity with hospital patient data bases and relationship to other financial and non-financial systems preferred. o Working knowledge of cost accounting system(s).  Company Profile: At Houston Methodist Sugar Land Hospital, we’re committed to building great careers alongside our new services and facilities. Join us in Sugar Land, where a very comfortable family atmosphere goes hand in hand with a bright future in one of America’s finest health care systems. As a Pathway to Excellence designated hospital by the ANCC, Houston Methodist Sugar Land Hospital is making vast strides in introducing new facets of caring to the community. In addition to leading emergency, ICU, surgical and imaging services, Houston Methodist Sugar Land Hospital offers patients diagnostic and therapeutic technologies normally found only in top academic medical centers. APPLY"
47,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BE1NIxMi_JbcH-ROp8JZ1Q7Gl0zj0qYPSNkFo4TeX5Qi7JG73Jnt262jP0CqRbOJ-5RDIZryp6laKBkuLvoRUb65B5vczuDFfKgHgzmNRedWSNGk9SkbkTmzX3CGNE2XBd5s1NuaVvQRczbIPLk7adphINzU0FYK7XFMd-vMninhb_BMeLpp_aHDvhtnDb0g88kYUfk43TUyaxJZpYNKUuLj6avyCh5swjzmBSfWU5ucnxo-BUckRNwqM0FRMr9FzGM_onhm_nApa8hQ61Ayq_86cyFO0iBAJtaCSVcMU9VNqGaSINwg36iCcqtdqa-bXa62CEz1zhNCkils5kyTJB_DzwEhj3oj6IImn2GSZrZZYRZqFLQzt964hhk_kfJyBl0pSOx3r2lVV0Kq18eBqe1JkuLARUmMWeshdBj8ounB_bgxhIxWbGiJX5h0EzddbITrsH7B4bDII6rooqEwJqNnPyOM2dDhn5ofD2GDIADRcw9eJu22rg0eFQcyEUvdx-CcganbQGF12Y0DYks9tk4V4eNPlN_sLbivJ6Dynxnqhft-mwf2GymjPUKiDLDgj09tB6nxv7D1Z1W6tEcI2EMEKTTuA-YZRjCukRoAf0UvN07jVdahGZx-Wxpz5icIvG-7lZqP12-KtixSMw4UoS&p=12&fvj=0&vjs=3,"Voca has immediate openings available for Financial Analyst professionals in Bellaire, TX! Job Description: To assist leadership in collecting, analyzing and projecting key operational, financial, and statistical information that can be continually measured against quantifiable targets established by all levels of authority, ranging from the departmental managers to the Board of Directors. Prepares reports identifying differences between current actual results, budgeted targets and prior year actual results Prepares ad hoc financial analyses Prepares existing monthly financial and statistical reports Develop new reports and analyses Assists Sr. Analyst(s) with data compilation and report preparation We need someone flexible that can step in to whatever is needed during the ERP project flexible with different projects, data reconcilication, basic payroll knowledge Qualifications Knowledge of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), knowledge of budgeting processes and principles, and knowledge of financial analysis and reporting principles. Ability to use Microsoft applications including Excel and PowerPoint. The ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing is essential. Required- Bachelor's Degree Finance or Accounting, or related business field Required-1 year financial or accounting experience A Master's degree will substitute for the one year of experience required. Shift 40 Hours/Week  Voca: The Spirit of Work IND-HC"
48,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=b2193b42de828962&fccid=584c799f6b319a76&vjs=3,
49,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a918e1c3d8b927e7&fccid=88591e5028c96f77&vjs=3,"Sr. FP&A Analyst Houston, TX, USA  The Woodlands, TX, USA Req #6791  Friday, August 6, 2021 Savage Services is currently hiring for a Sr. FP&A Analyst to join our team in Houston, TX. In this role, you will be the single point of contact to assigned Sector, Group and Unit leaders for financial information. This role will create a more efficient and effective way to provide these fundamental shared services to the groups.   This position provides leadership in the following areas:   Business Planning, Forecasting and Budgeting  Review, streamline and improve the business planning and budgeting process Challenge business planning assumptions and ensure planning assumption are aligned with the Enterprise strategy Create and implement a continuous planning strategy and process within the Enterprise Develop market and scenario planning analyses Participate in the preparation of business plans and budgets for specific assigned operations/units Partner with and assist General Managers and Operation managers with the preparation of business plan presentations Business Analysis Own the monthly financial management report; research and develop a best-in-class process for this; be the expert and single point of contact on the “why” of the numbers Perform ad hoc operational and financial analysis to support business leaders; support operational decisions, cost improvement programs, financial improvements etc. Provide guidance and support to Operations Managers ensuring financial tools are utilized and internal controls and accounting processes are understood and followed Develop and standardize working capital and cash generation analyses for group and sector leaders; evaluate whether the Company’s current assets and investments are the best use of working capital by analyzing return on investment and other cash flow metrics What you need to be successful:  Bachelor’s degree in finance, accounting, economics or related field; MBA preferred Graduate degree in business, accounting, or related field a plus 5-7 years of financial analysis or accounting experience in a large multi-national organization Excellent financial modelling skills Advanced Excel and PowerPoint skills Excellent analytical skills with the ability to improve the analytical capabilities of team members Ability to manage multiple tasks in a deadline-driven environment while maintaining a high level of precision Self-starter that focuses on delivering results with little oversight Continuously driven and ambitious for personal growth and development A drive to continually improve processes and challenge the status quo; embrace and promote change when it makes sense to change Savage has been designated as a 2021 Military Friendly Employer. Additional information on our Veteran’s Program, “Savage Patriots” can be found at https://www.savageservices.com/careers-for-veterans/.  Savage is an Equal Opportunity Employer and maintains a drug free workplace. California Residents: Job Applicant Privacy Notice https://www.savageservices.com/careers/california-residents-job-applicant-privacy-notice/  For more information or questions about opportunities at Savage, please contact our Talent Acquisition Team at talentacquisition@savageservices.com. Other details Pay Type Salary Required Education Bachelor’s Degree"
50,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=4b88129fed75ef99&fccid=37cd38946a40559e&vjs=3,"We are looking for an experienced Financial Analyst to assist in the analysis and reporting of operational and financial data required for the decision-making of our executive management team. The ideal candidate for this position will have practical experience in Finance/Accounting and financial modeling and analysis. Pay rate: Based on experience  Position type: Full Time Work Description: The Financial Analyst is responsible for the analysis and reporting of operational and financial data required for the decision-making of our executive management team. Duties and Responsibilities: Utilizing technology to improve the collection of financial & operational data. Developing & maintaining reports to summarize, analyze and present financial/operations data. Preforming monthly and real-time analysis of operational data to help identify operating efficiencies and enhance financial performance. Performing financial pro forma modeling as needed. Researching and evaluating prevailing market conditions and strengths/weaknesses of potential competitors. Serving as a resource and providing support as needed to Operations Managers located throughout the U.S. Assisting in analysis & evaluation of new business opportunities. Assisting in formulation and evaluation of new company bids/contracts. Assisting with various projects as needed. Minimum Qualifications and Skills: Must be at least 18 years of age. Speak, read, write and understand English. Able to pass a pre-employment drug screen, 10-year background check (criminal/employment). Bachelor’s degree in Accounting or Finance required. At least two years of “real world” experience in Finance/Accounting. At least one year of financial modeling and analysis required. Strong analytical skills and financial/business acumen. Ability to work under pressure with tight deadlines. Expert level MS Excel and general proficiency with other MS Office applications. Experience with Sage Intacct or similar accounting software is preferred. Proficient skills in planning, organizing, and customer service/relationship building. Excellent written/verbal communication skills, strong work ethic and a sense of humor are required. Work Environment: This job operates mostly in a professional office environment; occasionally will be exposed to an outdoor setting, the noise level can be loud. Physical Requirements: The physical demands described herein are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Occasional (1-3hrs): Standing; squatting/kneeling; pushing/pulling; twisting/turning; walking; reaching; bending. Constant (7-8hrs): Sitting; repetitive movement. Lifting 20-50lbs max with frequent lifting/carrying of objects up to 25 lbs. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, and the ability to adjust focus.  AccuFleet International is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer AAP/EEO Statement: It is the policy of AccuFleet to provide equal employment opportunities without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, marital status, veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information or any other protected characteristic under applicable law. This policy relates to all phases of employment, including, but not limited to, recruiting, employment, placement, promotion, transfer, demotion, reduction of workforce and termination, rates of pay or other forms of compensation, selection for training, the use of all facilities, and participation in all company-sponsored employee activities. Provisions in applicable laws providing for bona fide occupational qualifications, business necessity or age limitations will be adhered to by the company where appropriate. Experience Required 1 year(s): Financial modeling and analysis 2 year(s): ???Real world??? experience in Finance/Accounting Education Required Bachelors or better in Finance Skills Required Communicate effectively in English MS Excel Behaviors Required Detail Oriented: Capable of carrying out a given task with all details necessary to get the task done well Motivations Required Self-Starter: Inspired to perform without outside help"
51,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=0d64c939486ce961&fccid=067fa8990da849ee&vjs=3,"About Rawson/Industrial Controls Created by joining two industry-leading companies in 2019, Rawson/Industrial Controls offers more than 100 years of combined experience serving customers in the oil and gas, chemical, refining, pharmaceutical, pulp and paper, food and beverage, water and wastewater, and power generation industries. With a team of in-house engineers, along with instrumentation and valve customization services, Rawson/Industrial Controls designs and customizes product solutions to help customers solve complex problems. The company currently has partnerships in 31 states across the Gulf Coast, Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, Northeast, Southeast, and Southwest regions of the U.S. Visit www.rawsonicd.com for more information. ABOUT THIS OPPORTUNITY Role Profile Position: Financial Analyst Job Location: Houston, TX Job Type: Full-Time Status: Exempt Summary of the Role The Financial Analyst will be responsible for a variety of financial and analytical duties including monthly results analysis and forecasting. The Financial Analyst reports directly to the Head of Finance of RICD. Responsibilities Must maintain 100% commitment to safety policies and procedures. Develops detailed understanding of critical business processes and challenges operations team to identify areas for financial performance improvement Understands the business issues that are influencing the industry, relevant applications and competitive intelligence. - Works on special projects and other duties as assigned Drives the forecasting process Supports data analysis requests to provide customer data, sales performance, and financial understanding Develops and updates meaningful Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) Develops interactive dashboards that can facilitate decision-making in regards to sales, pricing, profitability, headcount, logistics and supply chain Proactively engages business management to achieve financial and business goals Participates in the development of monthly, quarterly and annual management reporting Assists in analysis, development, and calculation of variable compensation plans Skills and Abilities Clear written and verbal communication skills Proven ability to work in a team-oriented environment Attention to detail Excellent analytical and organizational skills Possesses a thorough understanding of financial statements and relationships between income statement, balance sheet and cash flow statements Organized and flexible - ability to manage multiple projects/assignments while meeting deadlines Independent worker who can work well with minimal supervision Qualifications BS/BA required, major in Accounting or Finance preferred Minimum of 3-5 years of relevant financial planning and analysis experience Advanced Microsoft Excel skills Power BI experience a plus Total Rewards Competitive compensation plan Health Benefits: medical, dental, vision, short term and long term disability 401-k with company match Paid time off Equal Opportunity Employer It is our policy to employ qualified persons without regard for race, creed, color, national origin, nationality, ancestry, age, sex, marital or domestic partnership status, sexual orientation or disability. Individuals are considered for employment, promotion, or training solely on their ability to perform the essential functions of the position."
52,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=e1a68f2c8087c4f6&fccid=fad66288a5918d7d&vjs=3,
53,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=56e815971d7db673&fccid=2d549d19e50e4a33&vjs=3,"Job Overview We are currently recruiting for a Financial Analysist to be based in Houston, TX. The main responsibility of the position is to support the financial planning and reporting process through the creation and development of reporting tools. Becoming a superuser for FCCS and providing cover for the Admin of FCCS Admin. Job Responsibilities Provide analytical support and recommend improvements to drive revenue growth, profitability and operational efficiency. Analyse results (Actuals & Forecasts), perform variance analysis, identify trends, and make recommendations for improvements. Develop automated reporting/forecasting tools. Maintain and assist in developing the reporting systems of the Group to provide accurate and timely financial and operational information for management. Preform special projects and ad hoc analysis. Super-user for FCCS reporting system. SmartView report writing. Required Skills / Knowledge Proven analytical skills. FCCS & SmartView experience. Proficient user of financial systems. Excellent organisational skills. An ability to prioritise and organise own workload and meet tight deadlines. Strong written and Oral Communication Skills. An ability to present information logically to different levels of leadership. Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Excel & PowerPoint. Ability to work independently as well as a team player. Experience Financial analysis/reporting experience. Education Requirements Bachelor's degree, or equivalent, in Finance, Accounting, Business Administration or a related area of study. Location Houston, TX, USA"
54,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=4143e56d7d0b05d5&fccid=8b10e19696dbfe6f&vjs=3,"48forty Solutions is the largest pallet management services company in North America. We provide end-to-end pallet solutions, from supply to retrieval, on-site services, reverse logistics, and packaging materials. 48forty Solutions is truly Pallet Management Made Simple. Our operations workforce is the heart and soul of our business. We are currently looking for a Finance Analyst.  Job Description and Requirements: The Finance Analyst will be required to support operational reporting and analytical needs as we continue to grow our national footprint. This role demands excellent communication and negotiation skills, as well as a demonstrated ability to recommend and implement strategies.  Manage operations financial reporting, budgeting and forecasting processes  Support month end management reporting processes and deliverables  Prepare annual budget, working with various functions  Support monthly and weekly reporting and forecasting  Develop and provide key metrics to all levels of the management team (e.g. throughput and production analytics, core/materials cost and quality reporting)  Report and track capital expenditure program status and asset utilization metrics  Create customer and supplier reporting and analytics  Partner with accounting and operations to support integration and synergy reporting  Lead various ad hoc reporting and analytics projects  Qualifications: Bachelor's degree is required. Economics, finance, accounting, or related field is preferred  CPA and/or MBA a plus  Experience: 2-5 years of finance experience with background in financial analysis, preferably with manufacturing company  Operational finance experience a plus with ability to work across multiple entities and/or functions  Skills and Knowledge: Strong PC skills including Excel, PowerPoint, Data Warehouses. Experience with Business Intelligence a plus  Excellent communication skills (written and verbal)  Strong understanding of both financial and operational processes  Ability to provide meaningful and accurate financial information  Good analytical skills; ability to understand and interpret financial results  Ability to work across multiple entities and / or functional areas  Capacity to perform at a high level in a fast-paced multi-tasking environment  Ability to convert detailed financial analysis into summaries and provide comments  Quick learner, self-motivated, team player  Challenges: Travel Requirements up to 20%  Working across time zones  Measures: Sales Growth  Profit/Margin  Internal Employee/Customer Feedback  Project completion/success rate  Improvement in plant cost performance"
55,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a14c7a43ad1e615f&fccid=1ae42bb5b3228e27&vjs=3,
56,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=03de90f5cc5e63cf&fccid=2e8d9db05f8e399f&vjs=3,"Who are we? Enchanted Rock is a leader and innovator in distributed energy. Enchanted Rock has responded to long-term trends in electricity by becoming the first smart-grid supplier to US energy consumers. The company installs, operates, and integrates its highly flexible, low-cost, and quick-response distributed generation to increase reliability and stability, reduce cost and decrease carbon footprint. At Enchanted Rock, our backup generators ensure that customers will never be without power, allowing their business to operate normally when there is an outage in the area. Our innovative approach provides customers with highly reliable, ultra-clean backup generation at a fraction of the cost of traditional backup solutions. We seek those who share our commitment to customer service, innovation, and ingenuity. Position Overview The Senior Financial Analyst will report to the Vice President of Finance & Corporate Development and will be responsible for providing financial analysis, corporate forecasting & budgeting, assisting with investor outreach and various other functions. Where You Come In Provide financial analysis for corporate forecasting, acquisitions, joint ventures and capital budgeting Assist in preparing budgets, projections, and analysis of existing portfolio of assets Assist with company fundraising efforts and investor outreach Prepare Board materials and portfolio review presentations Lead/perform additional functions as needed What it Takes to Succeed Extensive modeling experience in Excel Prior experience in investment banking and/or financial analysis for energy businesses is required Background in finance and/or accounting with 2-5 years of experience Strong analytical skills Ability to professionally articulate finance and accounting concepts and conclusions in clear, concise, and easy to understand manner Possesses an eagerness to learn and to fulfill versatile responsibilities Takes ownership of job tasks and holds self to a high standard of achievement Proven abilities to function in a small team and self-directed work environment Innovative thinker and problem solver with a proactive approach and the ability to embrace change What you’ll get Competitive pay reflective of your skills and experience level Health, Dental & Vision benefits. New! Employee Assistance Program (EAP) Paid time off including vacation, holidays, sick leave, bereavement & parental leave Think you have what it takes to join the Enchanted Rock team? Send us your cover letter and resume today. Be yourself and keep it useful, funny, and cool! Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Enchanted Rock is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. At Enchanted Rock, we embrace diversity including all the unique characteristics that make us human: race, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, disability, and education — to name a few. We understand and recognize that diverse backgrounds and perspectives strengthen our teams and our business. The foundation of our diversity efforts is closely tied to our core values specifically our value of “The Team” which includes “Mutual Respect, Openness, and Honesty.”"
57,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=d5b02ada3cc288a0&fccid=0796d97ad7b1bba9&vjs=3,
58,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=cffb6bbd6d0a9c77&fccid=a5afb08c819db320&vjs=3,
59,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9be598549e7325c6&fccid=50208b5bf45ee3b8&vjs=3,
60,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1c13d8e98e74bf6d&fccid=a533a1eb2195c01e&vjs=3,"Overview:  Corrpro is seeking a self-motivated and energetic Analyst, Financial Planning & Analysis to join the Finance Team in Houston. Corrpro, a subsidiary of Aegion Corporation, is among the world's largest corrosion engineering, cathodic protection, and corrosion monitoring business for the protection and preservation of infrastructure. Corrpro provides professional corrosion consulting and cathodic protection engineering services to major oil companies, government agencies, municipal water, sewer and gas utilities, universities, and public transportation agencies. Corrpro has complete construction installation services, including crews and equipment to install any type of cathodic protection system for any type of structure. For more details, visit www.corrpro.com. Responsibilities:  Provide analytical and decision support for the North American Corrpro team, assist in forecasting and budgeting activities, review and report actual financial performance, lead the preparation of operational review materials, provide input for opportunities to improve the operational performance in the business, and assist with audit requests. Primary Job Accountabilities: Operation and Analytical Support. Use data to track trends, performance and provide observations as well as potential opportunities for improvement. Support Management and Operational decisions by providing detailed analysis using internal and external data sets. Financial Planning & Analysis. Support SMOP reviews, preparation of Global month-end reporting package, analyze and report actual financial performance, assisting in creating forecasts and annual Budget. Develop reporting tools and advance modeling. Compliance & Audits. Support with Audit requests and analysis as needed. Tracking and Implementing Operational Metrics. Create and monitor KPIs and regularly communicate progress to operational leaders. Qualifications: Bachelor Degree in Accounting, Economics, Finance, or Math CPA or CPA eligible, nice to have but not required Financial analysis, project accounting and / or audit experience within a project based environment Experience with M&D, O&G or Construction industry ERP systems experience required; Oracle EPM or JDE experience helpful Visual Reporting (PowerBI, Tableau, DAS) preferred Familiarity with US GAAP Strong analysis and modeling skills. Ability to analyze large data sets and create concise, useful information that can help drive decision making Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Suite Ability to create clean presentations suitable for the executive team Great communication skills and comfortable speaking to an audience Positive attitude and ability to navigate a rapidly changing environment and priority Eagerness to learn and make a positive impact Great team player Ability to travel to US locations as needed throughout the year Compensation & Benefits - Our company offers a Competitive Salary with Career Growth Opportunities and a Full Benefits Package including Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance, Matching 401k, 14 days Paid Time Off, 8 paid Holidays per year, Tuition Assistance, and much more. Aegion is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Equal opportunity is a sound and just concept to which Aegion is firmly bound. Aegion will not engage in discrimination against, or harassment of, any person employed or seeking employment with Aegion on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, non-disqualifying disability, status as a protected veteran or other characteristics protected by law. VEVRAA compliant – priority referral Protected Veterans requested."
61,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=7065b552d4667e7d&fccid=584c799f6b319a76&vjs=3,
62,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5e6259c34e778454&fccid=e9f759adf013b469&vjs=3,"POSITION OVERVIEW The Financial Reporting Analyst will be a key member of the Corporate Accounting team in a fast-paced, dynamic, and growing Global chemicals, fibers and plastics manufacturing company. This position will be part of the Company’s Headquarters Accounting team responsible for the global consolidated and legal entity US GAAP internal and external reporting; research and analyses on technical accounting transactions; new FASB guidance implementation and lease accounting. The ideal candidate must possess strong analytical skills, enjoy a challenging work environment and the opportunity to exercise initiative, be self-motivated, and demonstrate an aptitude to proactively finding solutions and improving work processes. TARGETED OUTCOMES/12 MONTH SUCCESS BENCHMARK  Improved internal and external financial reporting process  Successful team integration and relationship building with key stakeholders; including the external auditors  Participate in SOX lite compliance activities (as needed) KEY RESPONSIBILITIES  Preparation and variance analysis of monthly, quarterly, and annual internal and external income statement and balance sheet  Preparation and variance analysis of quarterly and annual cashflow statements for external reporting  Preparation of quarterly and annual footnote disclosures and disclosure schedules for external reporting  Preparation of debt covenant calculation worksheets and bank report(s)  Research, analysis, and accounting on technical accounting issues  Assist with annual asset impairment analyses  Maintain the lease accounting and reporting process  Prepare and manage the submission of government surveys  Assist with other periodic FASB compliance analyses and reporting  Prepare timely and accurate corporate level account reconciliations  Assist with the Ascend SOX lite compliance program  Assist with other Ad Hoc requests and projects as needed REQUIRED EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS  BS in accounting or finance required  Certified Public Accountant (CPA) highly preferred  Experience level of 3-5 years in the same or related area (experience in Public Accounting; preferred)  SAP ERP, SAP Business Planning and Consolidation (BPC), SAP Business Intelligence (BI) experience a plus  Strong corporate, consolidations, and accounting research & analysis experience  Must be able to work with a diverse group of people and interact with internal and external stakeholders  Must have good time management skills, self-directed, and able to work in a fast-paced environment  Must be able to manage expectations up and handle multiple priorities while maintaining attention to detail  Excellent oral, written, analytical and interpersonal skill Skills Summary: About Us: Ascend Performance Materials is the premium provider of high quality chemicals, fibers and plastics. With world scale integrated manufacturing facilities we are able to develop new products from our core technologies, and provide flexibility to respond to the expanding needs of customers. Ascend has global sales and distribution facilities across the globe and six manufacturing facilities globally. As a privately-held company, our people do big things and make big decisions, often much earlier in their careers than at larger companies. Ascend Performance Materials offers team members the opportunity to contribute in big, meaningful ways—all within a stable and growing business. Why work at Ascend? Our vision is to be the recognized leader in the nylon 6,6 value chain, creating new possibilities with PA66 for everyone, everywhere, every day. We achieve that through living our Ascend values. We care . We operate safely with high integrity for our employees, our customers and our communities. Our people are our greatest assets, and our Total Rewards Program extends beyond traditional benefits to include access to on-site medical clinics at our U.S. facilities, a global wellness rewards program and Performance Matters, an employee-driven recognition plan. Our Commitment to Zero demonstrates our belief that is it possible to operate with zero personal injuries, zero process safety incidents and zero environmental releases. And the Ascend Cares Foundation, led by Ascend employees, supports Ascend families in times of need, provides inspiring opportunities for community engagement and facilitates community leadership. Customer-focused . We exist for our customers; they drive our actions. Their success is our success. Our plastics and chemicals are building blocks that help make everyday essentials safer and more sustainable, and we constantly strive to develop new and innovative products to meet the future needs of our customers. And that customer focus doesn’t only apply to the marketplace – it also applies to how we treat our colleagues and our fellow community members. Better every day . We invest in our people and our processes to improve every day. A2E, our continuous improvement program, guides the way we do business. And this way of problem solving applies not only to our manufacturing practices but also to our commitment to developing our people. You’ll see it during your career at Ascend in our leadership development, skills training and mentoring programs Agile . We think broadly and lead proactively in a constantly evolving organization and industry. Agility doesn’t mean simply working quickly – it means critical thinking, creative problem solving and novel approaches to everyday challenges. One Ascend . All together, with a common set of goals and an eye toward the future. We don’t accept silos. We look for ways to share across departments, sites and geography. This means you won’t be boxed into a single role at Ascend – you could get the chance to work with teams across the globe to improve the way we serve our people, our customers and our communities. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, national origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, citizenship, genetic information or other protected status under federal, state or local laws."
63,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8ba73fe10afaf558&fccid=2259246cd8a35c6c&vjs=3,"Position Summary: We are looking for an institutional wide financial analyst who will work with our Sponsored Projects Administration area. This employee provides professional level skills in performing simple to moderate complex financial analysis for the institution. Completes financial analysis and assists in the development of various institution wide and operating unit specific financial reports. Sponsored Projects works on the acquisition and administration of programs funded from sources outside the University. These can include grants, contracts, and other agreements from government agencies, private industry, and non-profit foundations. Prior experience working within a sponsored projects office at a university or similar setting is strongly desired.  Day to day this role will review and interpret legal documents for financial terms and conditions including but not limited to billing requirements, reporting, and spending restrictions. You will need to be able to ensure compliance with sponsor terms and conditions, University policies, and federal regulations and requirements. It will be required to work on post award accounting activities, and review and approve expenditures for compliance and adherence to sponsor guidelines. In addition, there is the preparation and submission of financial reports to fulfill sponsor's financial reporting requirements. And also, you will be involved in monitoring sponsored project activity, including cost overruns, cost sharing, termination dates, and unallowable/administrative expenses, throughout project life cycle to ensure compliance.  This is a fulltime role that is classified as exempt. It is eligible for all UTHealth benefits including healthcare coverage and participation in a retirement plan administered by the State of Texas. You will office in our University Center Tower in the heart of the Texas Medical Center.  Position Key Accountabilities: 1. Develop, prepare, analyze and/or review reports summarizing financial activity for the institution. 2. Prepare and analyze historical and projected financial data to provide senior management with valuable information upon which to make relevant financial decisions. 3. May analyze, prepare and/or review sponsored projects financial activities. 4. Assist in the preparation and submission of the annual financial report, the annual operating budget, quarterly operating projections and the monthly financial report to senior management and UT System. 5. Prepare and analyze reconciliations of activity with UT System. 6. Analyze and prepare documentation and support as requested by internal and external auditors. 7. May assist in and/or prepare the indirect cost proposal for the institution. 8. May analyze and prepare needed adjustments to both actual and budget ledgers for the institution. 9. Performs other duties as assigned. Minimum Education: At least a Bachelor’s degree in Finance or Accounting.  Minimum Experience: Three (3) years of related experience in a financial or accounting area.  Physical Requirements: Exerts up to 20 pounds of force occasionally and/or up to 10 pounds frequently and/or a negligible amount constantly to move objects.  Security Sensitive: This job class may contain positions that are security sensitive and thereby subject to the provisions of Texas Education Code § 51.215"
64,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8ba73fe10afaf558&fccid=2259246cd8a35c6c&vjs=3,"Position Summary: We are looking for an institutional wide financial analyst who will work with our Sponsored Projects Administration area. This employee provides professional level skills in performing simple to moderate complex financial analysis for the institution. Completes financial analysis and assists in the development of various institution wide and operating unit specific financial reports. Sponsored Projects works on the acquisition and administration of programs funded from sources outside the University. These can include grants, contracts, and other agreements from government agencies, private industry, and non-profit foundations. Prior experience working within a sponsored projects office at a university or similar setting is strongly desired.  Day to day this role will review and interpret legal documents for financial terms and conditions including but not limited to billing requirements, reporting, and spending restrictions. You will need to be able to ensure compliance with sponsor terms and conditions, University policies, and federal regulations and requirements. It will be required to work on post award accounting activities, and review and approve expenditures for compliance and adherence to sponsor guidelines. In addition, there is the preparation and submission of financial reports to fulfill sponsor's financial reporting requirements. And also, you will be involved in monitoring sponsored project activity, including cost overruns, cost sharing, termination dates, and unallowable/administrative expenses, throughout project life cycle to ensure compliance.  This is a fulltime role that is classified as exempt. It is eligible for all UTHealth benefits including healthcare coverage and participation in a retirement plan administered by the State of Texas. You will office in our University Center Tower in the heart of the Texas Medical Center.  Position Key Accountabilities: 1. Develop, prepare, analyze and/or review reports summarizing financial activity for the institution. 2. Prepare and analyze historical and projected financial data to provide senior management with valuable information upon which to make relevant financial decisions. 3. May analyze, prepare and/or review sponsored projects financial activities. 4. Assist in the preparation and submission of the annual financial report, the annual operating budget, quarterly operating projections and the monthly financial report to senior management and UT System. 5. Prepare and analyze reconciliations of activity with UT System. 6. Analyze and prepare documentation and support as requested by internal and external auditors. 7. May assist in and/or prepare the indirect cost proposal for the institution. 8. May analyze and prepare needed adjustments to both actual and budget ledgers for the institution. 9. Performs other duties as assigned. Minimum Education: At least a Bachelor’s degree in Finance or Accounting.  Minimum Experience: Three (3) years of related experience in a financial or accounting area.  Physical Requirements: Exerts up to 20 pounds of force occasionally and/or up to 10 pounds frequently and/or a negligible amount constantly to move objects.  Security Sensitive: This job class may contain positions that are security sensitive and thereby subject to the provisions of Texas Education Code § 51.215"
65,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5e6259c34e778454&fccid=e9f759adf013b469&vjs=3,"POSITION OVERVIEW The Financial Reporting Analyst will be a key member of the Corporate Accounting team in a fast-paced, dynamic, and growing Global chemicals, fibers and plastics manufacturing company. This position will be part of the Company’s Headquarters Accounting team responsible for the global consolidated and legal entity US GAAP internal and external reporting; research and analyses on technical accounting transactions; new FASB guidance implementation and lease accounting. The ideal candidate must possess strong analytical skills, enjoy a challenging work environment and the opportunity to exercise initiative, be self-motivated, and demonstrate an aptitude to proactively finding solutions and improving work processes. TARGETED OUTCOMES/12 MONTH SUCCESS BENCHMARK  Improved internal and external financial reporting process  Successful team integration and relationship building with key stakeholders; including the external auditors  Participate in SOX lite compliance activities (as needed) KEY RESPONSIBILITIES  Preparation and variance analysis of monthly, quarterly, and annual internal and external income statement and balance sheet  Preparation and variance analysis of quarterly and annual cashflow statements for external reporting  Preparation of quarterly and annual footnote disclosures and disclosure schedules for external reporting  Preparation of debt covenant calculation worksheets and bank report(s)  Research, analysis, and accounting on technical accounting issues  Assist with annual asset impairment analyses  Maintain the lease accounting and reporting process  Prepare and manage the submission of government surveys  Assist with other periodic FASB compliance analyses and reporting  Prepare timely and accurate corporate level account reconciliations  Assist with the Ascend SOX lite compliance program  Assist with other Ad Hoc requests and projects as needed REQUIRED EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS  BS in accounting or finance required  Certified Public Accountant (CPA) highly preferred  Experience level of 3-5 years in the same or related area (experience in Public Accounting; preferred)  SAP ERP, SAP Business Planning and Consolidation (BPC), SAP Business Intelligence (BI) experience a plus  Strong corporate, consolidations, and accounting research & analysis experience  Must be able to work with a diverse group of people and interact with internal and external stakeholders  Must have good time management skills, self-directed, and able to work in a fast-paced environment  Must be able to manage expectations up and handle multiple priorities while maintaining attention to detail  Excellent oral, written, analytical and interpersonal skill Skills Summary: About Us: Ascend Performance Materials is the premium provider of high quality chemicals, fibers and plastics. With world scale integrated manufacturing facilities we are able to develop new products from our core technologies, and provide flexibility to respond to the expanding needs of customers. Ascend has global sales and distribution facilities across the globe and six manufacturing facilities globally. As a privately-held company, our people do big things and make big decisions, often much earlier in their careers than at larger companies. Ascend Performance Materials offers team members the opportunity to contribute in big, meaningful ways—all within a stable and growing business. Why work at Ascend? Our vision is to be the recognized leader in the nylon 6,6 value chain, creating new possibilities with PA66 for everyone, everywhere, every day. We achieve that through living our Ascend values. We care . We operate safely with high integrity for our employees, our customers and our communities. Our people are our greatest assets, and our Total Rewards Program extends beyond traditional benefits to include access to on-site medical clinics at our U.S. facilities, a global wellness rewards program and Performance Matters, an employee-driven recognition plan. Our Commitment to Zero demonstrates our belief that is it possible to operate with zero personal injuries, zero process safety incidents and zero environmental releases. And the Ascend Cares Foundation, led by Ascend employees, supports Ascend families in times of need, provides inspiring opportunities for community engagement and facilitates community leadership. Customer-focused . We exist for our customers; they drive our actions. Their success is our success. Our plastics and chemicals are building blocks that help make everyday essentials safer and more sustainable, and we constantly strive to develop new and innovative products to meet the future needs of our customers. And that customer focus doesn’t only apply to the marketplace – it also applies to how we treat our colleagues and our fellow community members. Better every day . We invest in our people and our processes to improve every day. A2E, our continuous improvement program, guides the way we do business. And this way of problem solving applies not only to our manufacturing practices but also to our commitment to developing our people. You’ll see it during your career at Ascend in our leadership development, skills training and mentoring programs Agile . We think broadly and lead proactively in a constantly evolving organization and industry. Agility doesn’t mean simply working quickly – it means critical thinking, creative problem solving and novel approaches to everyday challenges. One Ascend . All together, with a common set of goals and an eye toward the future. We don’t accept silos. We look for ways to share across departments, sites and geography. This means you won’t be boxed into a single role at Ascend – you could get the chance to work with teams across the globe to improve the way we serve our people, our customers and our communities. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, national origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, citizenship, genetic information or other protected status under federal, state or local laws."
66,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=b9e806784a8d06b5&fccid=4ff37f376cd2c3ae&vjs=3,"Position Summary: The Senior Financial Analyst is primarily responsible for independently utilizing data management concepts and advanced analytics skills and efficiency by turning data into timely, accurate and actionable information. The Senior Financial Analyst will make recommendations for improving efficiency, quality and enterprise value based on their analysis and will prepare professional presentations of analytic findings and recommendations as required. I. Position Responsibilities: Essential Core duties and responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned. Performs analysis for the budgeting and forecasting processes including the review of operating budgets and forecasts to analyze trends affecting company needs. Assists in the maintenance and design of the Budgeting and Forecasting system including developing ideas for improved forecasting accuracy and evaluation of financial performance against forecasted results. Responsible for the preparation of regular and ad hoc budget, forecast and analytical reports and the review of reports prepared by other FP&A and accounting team members. Interprets budget and forecast directives and helps to establish policies for carrying out directives. Partners with pricing and accounting teams to update reporting and analytics associated with net new business Supports account management teams through preparation and maintenance of onboarding schedules and labor analytics reports Interprets and summarizes professional service agreement contracts correctly to ensure proper budgeting and forecasting of revenue and cost of sales. Tracks key hospital partner information to be shared with Data Analytics department and other OBHG team members. Assists in month end close, quarter end and year end reporting. Supports certain accounting duties as needed. Responsible for performing special projects as assigned. II. Essential Skills/Credentials/Experience/Education Bachelor’s degree in Accounting or Finance from an accredited college or university. At least five years of financial analysis experience. Strong analytical and software skills. Attention to detail. The ability to multitask in a fast-paced, frequently changing, high growth work environment. Effective Communication skills (written and verbal) – must be able to communicate findings and recommendations to all organizational levels in a professional manner. Language skills – ability to prepare financial summary reports, presentations and business correspondence Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers, co-workers, customers, etc. Strong Research and Analytical skills – ability to analyze data and provide a clear explanation of financial results is critical to this role. Computer skills – knowledge of Financial Planning software, Excel (formulas/functions, pivots, and graphs), Powerpoint and Word Processing software (preferably Microsoft products). Ability to communicate with Financial Planning vendor to expand modeling, forecasting and reporting capabilities from the existing system. Reasoning ability – the ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form. Time Management skills – ability to work under tight deadlines with multiple concurrent priorities. Ability to work independently and succeed in a team environment. III. Preferred Skills/Credentials/Experience/Education Experience with financial system software design and maintenance preferred. Ability to understand drivers behind financial results in order to prepare meaningful presentations for management, executive leadership and investors. A motivated self-starter with management potential Mental and Physical Demands (per ADA guidelines) Physical Demands: Sitting for long periods of time. Occupation requires this activity more than 66% of the time Travel Demands: May require up to 10% of time traveling to conferences and/or other professional development events."
67,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=e16bc7e7dde9ee92&fccid=c4d7c31e77a5214c&vjs=3,"Our people are our greatest asset! As one of the largest private property management companies in Houston, we recognize our progressive culture, values and ethics help us cultivate some of the top talent in the job market! We offer a full benefits package to include Medical, Dental, Vision, Life/AD&D, Critical Illness, Accident, FSA/HAS, 401k, generous PTO available after 90 days; monetary service awards; educational assistance/tuition reimbursement; employee referral bonus program; discounts at our hotels and resorts. We are seeking a Financial Analyst to join our team and work with and support staff throughout the organization providing financial data and analysis to support projects by participating in the planning, development, implementation, and monitoring of the annual operating and capital budgets. In this role, you will be privy to highly sensitive and confidential information and will have a proven track record for doing so. This role is multifaceted and has financial analyses, insurance and loan responsibilities. Financial Analyst Responsibilities: Annual Property Budget preparation assistance. Creating proforma models for property performance Detailed financial analyses, financial package preparation, historical income/ expense reporting, researching expense variances to budget, formally responding to special lender/servicer inquires Investor/property analyses, quarterly portfolio value reports Assist with external and internal portfolio audits, assist in due diligence process, interface with third parties (appraisers, surveyors, etc.,) for loan refinancing and asset acquisitions/dispositions Maintain accurate list of all Boxer-related entities and federal tax ID numbers Ad-Hoc reporting and analysis as requested All other duties as assigned Required Knowledge, Experience and Education: 2+ year’s previous experience in financial analysis Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, Finance, Accounting or similar Advanced working knowledge of Microsoft Excel Strong metrics and analytical orientation and very detail oriented Commercial loan experience highly desirable Fully versed in loan and lease terminology Experience working with large sets of data and performing detailed analysis Formulating reports and templates for data analysis Other Qualifications: Must pass a pre-employment screening Employee must have reliable transportation to and from work each day I have read and thoroughly understand my role, responsibilities and expectations: Benefits: Boxer Property offers a full range of benefits including medical, dental, vision, optional life & AD&D, disability, critical illness, accident, Healthcare FSA, 401K available the first of the month following hire; and generous PTO accessible after 90 days. No calls or agencies please. Boxer Property will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States. There is not current or future visa sponsorship available for this position."
68,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1769adf1c3244b65&fccid=18321367e2094f4b&vjs=3,"CORPORATE SUMMARY Salt Creek Midstream (SCM) is a greenfield midstream company built to provide a full suite of midstream services and downstream solutions to producers in the Delaware Basin. SCM leverages fundamental and intra-basin knowledge to optimize the value of producer resources, reduce bottlenecks and deliver higher netbacks to the producer. POSITION SUMMARY This is an opportunity for a financial analysis professional to join a dynamic team at a premiere full services midstream provider. The candidate will work closely with the Senior Director of FP&A. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Develop and manage monthly/quarterly forecasts and annual budget. Develop key monthly/quarterly detailed reporting packages for senior management, and Board of Directors and other key stakeholders. Work with cross-functional leaders to maintain complete and accurate long-term forecasts periodically throughout the year. Produce detailed variance analysis on monthly and quarterly bases. Analyze year-over-year trends in company KPIs. Develop and maintain detailed financial models. Provide financial and operating metrics. Support larger FP&A group. Other ad-hoc projects as assigned. REQUIRED QUALIFICIATIONS Bachelor’s Degree in Finance, Economics, Accounting, Business, or related field. 3-5 years of financial planning and analysis. Advanced QuickBooks, Smartsheets and Microsoft Business Central skills preferred. Experience using Power BI, Hyperion, or similar software. Prefer experience in Midstream Oil & Gas. Experience working with multidisciplinary teams. Ability to successfully manage multiple tasks with competing deadlines. Demonstrated ability to derive valuable insights from data. Propensity to collaborate within a team and focus on continued improvement. Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills."
69,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9e0e3fedcc4cd338&fccid=02b81620054784e5&vjs=3,"Job Description: The Financial Analyst will be heavily involved in the acquisition and business development of both Asset and prospective clients. The job entails working alongside Acquisitions, Development, and Asset Management in researching & preparing analysis, financial modeling and underwriting to guide decision making Job Responsibilities: Collect, analyze, perform due diligence and underwriting of new investment opportunities Provide general and financial modeling to analyze property performance to make recommendations and interest to pursue Keep abreast current industry market conditions and trends Underwriting acquisition targets and preparing analytical reports Review & propose budgets to analyze prospective acquisitions current actuals vs pro forma financials to make hold/sell/refinance recommendations Prepare & present presentation materials for new and existing investments Provide support for the acquisition, financing and disposition process Assist with capital market activities, property asset management and operational responsibilities Assisting in investor reporting requests Facilitate and assist with monthly reporting, trending, forecasting, and projections. Responsible for making recommendations regarding the operation of the properties. Responsible for escrow analysis, construction draws, replacement reserve reimbursements, and performance analysis for each property. Valuation of existing real estate assets based on analyzing historical operating & financial performance. Financial modeling of future financial performance of real estate assets based upon company operating standards and specific due diligence information. Compiling, logging, and interpreting due diligence information relating to asset financial performance, real estate assets, asset physical condition, market conditions, and results of third-party reports. Financial modeling related to the development & construction of new real estate development projects. Financial analysis of all transactions including cash on cash return and leveraged/unleveraged returns. Preparation of investment analysis package including transaction overview, market overview, and results of financial analysis including sensitivity analysis.  Education/Experience: Bachelor and/or Master’s Degree. Preference in Finance, Economic, Business or related field.  Excellent critical reasoning, quantitative, and analytical skills Deep understanding of financial concepts Excellent interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills Proven organizational skills with attention to detail Advanced Microsoft excel knowledge. Ability to manipulate large amounts of data in excel. Past operational experience in residential property management with a preference in student housing. Experience in MRI and Entrata software a plus.  Physical Requirements: While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to stand; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms and talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to walk and sit. The employee is occasionally required to stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds.  The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Additional Information: This job description should not be considered all-inclusive. It is merely a guide of expected duties. The employee understands that the job description is neither complete, nor permanent and may be modified at any time. At the request of their supervisor, an employee may be asked to perform additional duties or take on additional responsibilities without notice. Full Time Employees are eligible for Asset’s health and welfare benefits (medical, dental, vision, life, accident and disability insurance) are available the first of the month following 60 days of full-time employment and must be elected no later than your benefits effective date. 401K plans are generally available the following 12-month period. Asset’s standard policy is that new hires are eligible for two weeks of paid time off in your first year with Asset, which is available following 90 days of employment. Thereafter, PTO accrues based on years of service. Full Time Employees are eligible to accrue up to 80 hours of Sick leave per year.  Part Time employees are not eligible for any benefits, unless it is required under State Law. All Colorado employees are eligible to accrue Sick Leave under Colorado law.  Commissions/Bonuses will be paid to eligible employees who have met the requirements in accordance with the policy by division and property. Commissions are not earned until paid. Commissions will be paid to eligible employees who have met the requirements in accordance with the policy by division and property. To be eligible for commissions, you must be actively employed on the day commissions are paid. Actively employed means that the employee is at work performing his or her job duties and the employee is not on a paid or unpaid leave of absence or furlough. Upon resignation or termination of employment for any reason, all employees will forfeit any unpaid commissions, unless otherwise prohibited by state law  Applications are open only to those with certain qualifications, and EMPLOYER may screen or reject candidates based on such qualifications.  Job Opportunities can be found on the following websites: https://www.assetliving.com/careers, https://www.sheltonresidential.com/careers.aspx and https://abres.com/careers.html."
70,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=25458031c3bf7733&fccid=84982d5610f302fe&vjs=3,"Position works in collaboration with OSG PM leadership and/or project managers performing cost control duties to support KPI/project deliverables and provide accurate regulatory and financial reporting. Responsibilities include:Creating/updating project cost and completion reports.AFE/PRN write-ups (as assigned) including monitoring through review and approval process.Collaborating with OSG PM leaders and project managers to track and monitor project spending by: Updating monthly forecasts cost reports including current and future year spend (where applicable), estimates to complete (ETC) and estimates at completion (EAC); update cost reporting tools and other reports as required (i.e. KMBF forecasting tool, QBR, MPR, etc.). Performing mitigation measures for resolution of supplemental funding requests, invoice and purchase order/commitment issues and transfers of incorrect project costs. Identifying cost overruns and monitoring contingency and project completion dates.Reviewing project costs for compliance with regulatory, company/department guidelines, processes and procedures. Examples include proper classification of project costs in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and/or federal energy regulatory commission (FERC) where applicable.Reporting and analyzing significant cost variances, trends, and irregularities to document primary driver(s).Researching, calculating and helping to ensure accurate project accruals to include maintaining adequate documentation, where required.Reviewing invoices and/or changes orders and communicating with vendors for resolution of outstanding invoice and/or accrual issues, as needed.Developing ancillary and ad-hoc reports, as needed to generate OSG KPI reports and support project related data requests for participation in periodic cost review meetings with various members of the OSG PM management team and and/or their leadership.Participating in management led budget and forecast meetings, as required.Participating in and completing occasional special projects as assigned including (but not limited to) on-site project support, if required. Position Requirements   Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting, Finance, Business Management or Engineering.Five to seven years of experienceStrong aptitude in the financial and cost areas related to project cost controls including a solid understanding of generally accepted accounting principles.Understand and help ensure compliance with requirements of Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) internal controls.Outstanding analytical skills and a strong attention to detail for producing an accurate work product.Highly competent with Microsoft Excel.Demonstrated ability to anticipate and balance needs of multiple stakeholders including managing multiple projects with competing deadlines.Independent worker with good organization skills.Exceptional communication skills including demonstrated ability to create and maintain productive relationships with teammates and other internal customers.Experience working with Project Managers in the areas of cost control, forecasting, accruals and various report creation.Familiar with Lawson (or other ERP system) to assist in data analysis.Work on special projects as needed.Occasional overtime required to meet critical deadlines and handle special project assignments. Job level will be commensurate with experience and skill-set. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class."
71,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=203bb0f8574397c9&fccid=f14f9680ae0354cc&vjs=3,"Job Title: Senior Financial Analyst Department: Finance Supervisor: Director, Financial Services III  Summary Develops, interprets, and implements complex financial and accounting concepts, or techniques for financial planning and control, by performing the following duties. Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned. Prepares monthly financial schedules and expense analysis Assists in month-end close process, including journal entry review and preparation Assists with clearing account reconciliation process and cash upload process Assists with the preparation and submission of various regulatory filings Assists with annual financial audits Analyzes financial information to determine present and future financial performance. Identifies trends and recommends improvements accordingly. Evaluates complex profit plans, operating records, and financial statements. Establishes databases of pertinent information for use in analyzing future plans and forecasts. Assists in the development of the budget, planning, and other corporate financial requirements.  Education and/or Experience Bachelor's degree in Finance, Accounting, Economics or related field from four-year college or university  Supervisory Responsibilities This job has no supervisory responsibilities. Competencies To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies: Analytical - Synthesizes complex or diverse information; collects and researches data; uses intuition and experience to complement data; designs workflows and procedures. Use of Technology - Demonstrates required skills; adapts to new technologies; troubleshoots technological problems; uses technology to increase productivity; keeps technical skills up to date. Problem Solving - Identifies and resolves problems in a timely manner; gathers and analyzes information skillfully; develops alternative solutions; works well in group problem solving situations; uses reason even when dealing with emotional topics. Communications - Expresses ideas and thoughts verbally; expresses ideas and thoughts in written form; exhibits good listening and comprehension; keeps others adequately informed; selects and uses appropriate communication methods. Written Communication - Writes clearly and informatively; edits work for spelling and grammar; varies writing style to meet needs; presents numerical data effectively; able to read and interpret written information. Business Acumen - Understands business implications of decisions; displays orientation to profitability; demonstrates knowledge of market and competition; aligns work with strategic goals. Ethics - Treats people with respect; keeps commitments; inspires the trust of others; works with integrity and principles; upholds organizational values. Strategic Thinking - Understands organization's strengths & weaknesses; analyzes market and competition; identifies external threats and opportunities; adapts strategy to changing conditions.  Qualifications To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  Language Skills Ability to read, analyze, and interpret common scientific and technical journals, financial reports, and legal documents. Ability to respond to common inquiries or complaints from customers, regulatory agencies, or members of the business community. Ability to write speeches and articles for publication that conform to prescribed style and format. Ability to effectively present information to top management, public groups, and/or boards of directors.  Mathematical Skills Ability to work with mathematical concepts such as probability and statistical inference, and fundamentals of plane and solid geometry and trigonometry. Ability to apply concepts such as fractions, percentages, ratios, and proportions to practical situations.  Reasoning Ability Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form.  Computer Skills To perform this job successfully, an individual should have knowledge of Accounting software; Database software; Microsoft Office software. Physical Demands The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel and talk or hear.  Work Environment The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The noise level in the work environment is usually quiet."
72,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=b47557f98c5d9999&fccid=061917bc88fc53e6&vjs=3,"Position Summary:  The Financial Reporting Analyst position will be responsible for ensuring that financial statements, reports and disclosures are complete, accurate and timely for both SEC reporting internal reporting to our Executive team. The Financial Reporting Analyst is also expected to gain knowledge of the Company’s accounting policies, processes, controls, and to build relationships with the Accounting team as well as other departments as a “go-to person” for accounting questions and guidance. This position will report to the Financial Reporting Supervisor in Houston, TX. Salary and level commensurate with experience. Essential Job Functions: Prepare and review financial statements and related schedules for the monthly financial package; attend and participate in financial review meetings with management Compile and review variance analysis and explain significant fluctuations in financial statement accounts, utilizing input from the respective account owners in the Accounting department Compile, draft and review 10-K and 10-Q drafts; coordinate with other departments to obtain information for disclosures; ensure SEC compliance of 10-Q/K through review of financial statement disclosure checklists, authoritative accounting guidance and other resources Tie out SEC filings and maintain organized support for all filings Prepare/review required Inline XBRL tagging, including Forms 10-K,10-Q and 8-K Record certain journal entries, including preparation of related supporting schedules and account reconciliations Coordinate with independent auditors in order to facilitate a successful audit and provide documentation requests as necessary Assist in drafting quarterly press releases and review investor presentations, Board presentations and other materials for accuracy Assist with the preparation and review of registration statements Ensure data is accurately maintained in the accounting and reporting systems, including opening and closing monthly financial periods and chart of accounts maintenance Maintain current understanding of GAAP and SEC guidelines; research technical accounting issues, reach conclusions regarding accounting and disclosure, and present findings Draft accounting policies and memos, as necessary Maintain SOX controls Participate in special projects, as necessary This job description is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of duties and responsibilities of the position. Incumbents will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and duties outside of their normal responsibilities as assigned by their supervisor. Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Accounting Minimum 2 years accounting experience Exposure to financial reporting, SEC filings and the external audit process Public accounting experience Strong written and verbal communication skills Excel proficient Proactive and deadline driven Ability to work in a fast-paced environment Physical Requirements and Working Conditions: Must possess mobility to work in a standard office setting and to use standard office equipment, including a computer, stamina to maintain attention to detail despite interruptions, strength to lift and carry files weighing up to 10 pounds; vision to read printed materials and a computer screen, and hearing and speech to communicate in person and over the telephone. The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Preferred Qualifications: Big 4 experience Master’s degree in Accounting Upstream/midstream oil and gas industry experience CPA Experience with Workiva and/or Planful Experience with XBRL"
73,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=867a3fca883791f7&fccid=2b9436e61900ee7f&vjs=3,
74,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=4759139604acb7df&fccid=eba250ab329e9b5f&vjs=3,
75,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=b1ee8010301c97ab&fccid=922389dd65baf181&vjs=3," Camillo Properties builds, leases, and manages new and recently constructed single family homes and townhomes across Texas. You can find our homes throughout greater metropolitan areas of Houston, San Antonio, Dallas / Ft. Worth, and Bryan/College Station. At Camillo Properties, we are focused on providing our customers with quality living with the ease of leasing directly from us rather than a third-party which enhances our customer’s experience. Our staff takes pride in providing great customer service to our residents and their families."
76,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0Da55cD5SyBLpPH7k1CrVrulUOH2z8rmQzTVue5eMZiIZ_cO46WRS4TQPzWciVkmXWgStFTLXuAorn77gkI9aYu6OheQy3HeJ-1ub_jKKizWGWCuq9gc6kICQMltBQf92jSIXwoOFqeyFPDNI4GV5n7nuIuKHTRJglhpwNWCwB53SLFtPu-0wON_1DI2xC2BselxOvvQ7beQJHEg0S9s-2zKeyv5O4pU__3g7V0h0giyt-JoGRAnOosWYQiD0t4_2w-MruT9RgDEAnsBizCWCIeze6InBdPm_ZzfTLttNeLaNeWJd4ywNR73bxUa-l5tuWpag2fOJzK7yjDUZDnn_IVkVVC9LUxReMua71wImxP-qc6Tm0-XqV8TimGSOstthDxvBqkeH8bbUgTZf6EK2t1d31GjsYMSabrQHNC0c4x7Rf1M8Eg0HfRbWLzSMuf7r8dumLS6agtDQP1rAMNQItTCvOb95XoPF97gFxMirMPMkBajmN2cz63Y3IxNNDoYqhUM9iyZsvl4-hqSkajzsrakcsFFuaCIFUVOp7iEe5IQ_BPZuhSppaddwgVOysX-1WD9B9ISeMxPd3dKg_EsTySjD5p_lS5bZpfDJJkD3nNRmIGk-hzrMAhVY_yZWJnwUIz_cWmJlqA45ayxmKrg1ltoTAyTt-jdk0qLd680_ZiJ-aP34Fx9HVRSiy4GNPcXrQ=&p=12&fvj=0&vjs=3,"On behalf of one of North America’s largest natural gas distributors, we are looking for a Financial Analyst in Houston, TX  Description: The Project Lead is responsible for the financial management of the Inline Inspection (ILI) program within GTM US. Serve as the focal point for forecast management of the program. Builds knowledge of the organization, processes, and customers. Solves a range of straightforward/moderately complex problems. Receives minimal level of guidance and direction. Project budgets can total up to $100MM/year and are typically 1 year or less in duration. These will be projects of routine to high-level complexity. Key responsibilities for the role are: Prepare, implement, and maintain projects in SAP/Oracle/Hyperion Financials to manage the budgets, expenditures, accruals, cost forecasting, and variance reporting for the Asset Integrity department. Manage monthly asset integrity-related forecast variance analysis, including coordination and clarification ILI coordinators and planning & reporting group Responsible for analyzing program funding needs and ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements and company policies. Provide oversight to annual and monthly operating budgets/forecasts (within the assigned portion of the Asset Integrity annual operating or capital budget). Specific Accountabilities: Ensure that the financial forecast reporting processes, procedures, and guidelines are maintained and adhered to within Integrity-sponsored Operating and Capital project requirements in order to meet the evolving GTM Financial systems. Anaylze FP&A (Finance) OpEx/CapEx team summaries and targets: providing insights to any reporting discrepancies and/or clarifications on report differences. Compile and communicate monthly OpEx/CapEx reports (including YTD and previous forecasts) for Integrity program managers. Monitor and analyze incurred costs against commitments and budget values; perform forecast and cost variances Develop and implement project reporting to include budget, tracking funding revisions, expenditures, forecasts, detailed variance reporting, accruals Scope/Dimensions: Financial administration (governance, project controls, and reporting) for a large volume of Integrity operating and capital projects. Demonstrated work at a high-level of independence and the accuracy of work is trusted and consistently reliable; this requires exceptional attention to detail as the Integrity scope and financial plans continually require updating, reassessment, and communication with Integrity and Finance mgmt. Enhanced communication and broadedned access to Integrity Financial information requires team members to engage in self-directed learning in the areas data analysis (e.g., Excel Pivot Tables, SharePoint) as well as visual reporting tools (e.g., PowerBI). Occasional liaison with Sr. mgmt members on funding requirements and variance analysis Accountabilities related to cost allocations cover all areas of the corporation and subsidiaries as assigned Contacts (Working Relationships): This position regularly interfaces with AI team members (employees and contractors), project personnel, operational support teams, project stakeholder groups (internal and external), asset management, operations groups within GTM; this equates to regular communication touchpoints and meetings. Every month – department managers, and/or senior Management members on administrative matters relating to project costs, funding issues, and consolidated forecast and variance reports Knowledge, Skills & Abilities: Required: Bachelor’s degree in Business/Accounting or related degree A minimum of 4 years of related experience in an accounting or project controls environment Requires sound problem solving, decision making, and analytical skills Ability to work effectively both individually and in a team environment Experience in the Microsoft Office suite is required (particularly Excel, Word, and PowerPoint) Proficiency in financial systems including Oracle Financials, SAP, OBI, Hyperion, and Markview Excellent problem-solving skills and strong orientation to customer service Sound knowledge of and ability to apply accounting, auditing, tax, and regulatory standards and principles Preferred: Proficient in project controls, Earned Value Management, data visualization (converting raw data into useful metrics/charts) Ability to implement standard and consistent Project Controls processes, develops ad hoc project-specific reporting methods as required, work independently complete multiple projects within time constraints and work in a multi-functional team Self-motivated, independent, innovative, responsible, and a team player with a strong work ethic and initiative. Provide timely, consistent, and accurate information to promote commitment and readiness Working Conditions: Typical office environment Travel as required 20% (Other US or Canada offices and/or site locations) The ability to travel to Canada is required Required to prioritize and manage multiple assignments; meet established deadlines while managing stakeholder expectations. #MON #EWEMI"
77,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=c3f443c72c2bef59&fccid=876bfa98c9e3c0ad&vjs=3,
78,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a40146c58997c450&fccid=d46039b952140fd4&vjs=3,
79,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5e6259c34e778454&fccid=e9f759adf013b469&vjs=3,"POSITION OVERVIEW The Financial Reporting Analyst will be a key member of the Corporate Accounting team in a fast-paced, dynamic, and growing Global chemicals, fibers and plastics manufacturing company. This position will be part of the Company’s Headquarters Accounting team responsible for the global consolidated and legal entity US GAAP internal and external reporting; research and analyses on technical accounting transactions; new FASB guidance implementation and lease accounting. The ideal candidate must possess strong analytical skills, enjoy a challenging work environment and the opportunity to exercise initiative, be self-motivated, and demonstrate an aptitude to proactively finding solutions and improving work processes. TARGETED OUTCOMES/12 MONTH SUCCESS BENCHMARK  Improved internal and external financial reporting process  Successful team integration and relationship building with key stakeholders; including the external auditors  Participate in SOX lite compliance activities (as needed) KEY RESPONSIBILITIES  Preparation and variance analysis of monthly, quarterly, and annual internal and external income statement and balance sheet  Preparation and variance analysis of quarterly and annual cashflow statements for external reporting  Preparation of quarterly and annual footnote disclosures and disclosure schedules for external reporting  Preparation of debt covenant calculation worksheets and bank report(s)  Research, analysis, and accounting on technical accounting issues  Assist with annual asset impairment analyses  Maintain the lease accounting and reporting process  Prepare and manage the submission of government surveys  Assist with other periodic FASB compliance analyses and reporting  Prepare timely and accurate corporate level account reconciliations  Assist with the Ascend SOX lite compliance program  Assist with other Ad Hoc requests and projects as needed REQUIRED EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS  BS in accounting or finance required  Certified Public Accountant (CPA) highly preferred  Experience level of 3-5 years in the same or related area (experience in Public Accounting; preferred)  SAP ERP, SAP Business Planning and Consolidation (BPC), SAP Business Intelligence (BI) experience a plus  Strong corporate, consolidations, and accounting research & analysis experience  Must be able to work with a diverse group of people and interact with internal and external stakeholders  Must have good time management skills, self-directed, and able to work in a fast-paced environment  Must be able to manage expectations up and handle multiple priorities while maintaining attention to detail  Excellent oral, written, analytical and interpersonal skill Skills Summary: About Us: Ascend Performance Materials is the premium provider of high quality chemicals, fibers and plastics. With world scale integrated manufacturing facilities we are able to develop new products from our core technologies, and provide flexibility to respond to the expanding needs of customers. Ascend has global sales and distribution facilities across the globe and six manufacturing facilities globally. As a privately-held company, our people do big things and make big decisions, often much earlier in their careers than at larger companies. Ascend Performance Materials offers team members the opportunity to contribute in big, meaningful ways—all within a stable and growing business. Why work at Ascend? Our vision is to be the recognized leader in the nylon 6,6 value chain, creating new possibilities with PA66 for everyone, everywhere, every day. We achieve that through living our Ascend values. We care . We operate safely with high integrity for our employees, our customers and our communities. Our people are our greatest assets, and our Total Rewards Program extends beyond traditional benefits to include access to on-site medical clinics at our U.S. facilities, a global wellness rewards program and Performance Matters, an employee-driven recognition plan. Our Commitment to Zero demonstrates our belief that is it possible to operate with zero personal injuries, zero process safety incidents and zero environmental releases. And the Ascend Cares Foundation, led by Ascend employees, supports Ascend families in times of need, provides inspiring opportunities for community engagement and facilitates community leadership. Customer-focused . We exist for our customers; they drive our actions. Their success is our success. Our plastics and chemicals are building blocks that help make everyday essentials safer and more sustainable, and we constantly strive to develop new and innovative products to meet the future needs of our customers. And that customer focus doesn’t only apply to the marketplace – it also applies to how we treat our colleagues and our fellow community members. Better every day . We invest in our people and our processes to improve every day. A2E, our continuous improvement program, guides the way we do business. And this way of problem solving applies not only to our manufacturing practices but also to our commitment to developing our people. You’ll see it during your career at Ascend in our leadership development, skills training and mentoring programs Agile . We think broadly and lead proactively in a constantly evolving organization and industry. Agility doesn’t mean simply working quickly – it means critical thinking, creative problem solving and novel approaches to everyday challenges. One Ascend . All together, with a common set of goals and an eye toward the future. We don’t accept silos. We look for ways to share across departments, sites and geography. This means you won’t be boxed into a single role at Ascend – you could get the chance to work with teams across the globe to improve the way we serve our people, our customers and our communities. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, national origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, citizenship, genetic information or other protected status under federal, state or local laws."
80,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=e4494ff83a801eb8&fccid=ce4fcada5752b5b9&vjs=3,"As an up-and-coming accounting professional, you will find unparalleled job satisfaction as the Financial Reporting Analyst for Bray International, a leading global manufacturer of flow control products. In this evolving role, you will be on the front lines of a company-wide initiative to provide more business-critical information and reports to our department heads and executives, driving the organization into the future in a data-driven and analytical fashion. At Bray we are committed to retaining and developing top talent, so success in this role will allow you to define your ideal career path and work towards that goal. If you're ready to take your career to the next level and want to make an immediate and tangible impact with a growing organization then join Bray International today! As the Financial Reporting Analyst, based in our Houston, TX, headquarters, your mission will be to generate and analyze a wide variety of financial reports that will help our executives and department leaders make business-critical decisions. We are forward looking and are actively building the next generation of Bray International, which will keep us on the cutting edge of our industry for decades to come. Join our team today to take your career to new heights! Primary responsibilities include: Leverage your hands-on experience and/or quick ability to learn with OneStream XF, Excel, tabular cubes, and ERP to quickly come up to speed with our finance and accounting infrastructure and generate weekly, monthly, and ad hoc reporting. Generating reports is only half the battle, so we will rely upon your meticulous attention to detail, keen analytical abilities, and superior communication skills to ensure that variances are uncovered and explained, and that the data accurately reflects the impact on our business. Deep accounting experience, both academic and professional, is required as you assist with the month-end close process, including reconciliations, journal entry analysis, and financial statement review and analysis. Your proactive approach to seeking out new responsibilities and augmenting your knowledge base via continued learning will make you an invaluable member of our team. Education and Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting, Finance, or related major Minimum 5 years of financial reporting experience Strong working knowledge of Excel and multi-dimensional reporting systems ERP experience and strong ability to learn various computer applications Please Note: Under the current circumstances we are facing, all employees and contractors are required to complete a questionnaire daily, have temperature taken and wear a facial mask for protection while working Immigration sponsorship not offered for this position Staffing and recruiting agencies are not invited to submit candidates for this job posting Education Preferred Bachelors or better in Accounting Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor???s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)"
81,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=10bb4dd68d534225&fccid=216eb700022de6f6&vjs=3,
82,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=0846baac21c607db&fccid=a7d7eb698678b4e0&vjs=3,
83,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=f05f5fa95beee101&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"We are: CFO-Enterprise Value, and we give finance execs the sounding board they need. Value isn’t just about maintenance. It’s about zeroing in on smart, sustainable ways to grow, and finding the right tools to keep everything on track. We’ve got the deep industry experience, the functional insights, the data power, and the digital tech leadership to help our clients make important changes. Whether we’re breaking down meaningful analytics, designing the perfect finance platforms, or building from current risk and compliance models to get ready for the future, we solve our clients’ toughest problems. Visit us here to find out more about CFO-Enterprise Value. You are: You’re a problem-solver with the keen ability to diagnose a client’s unique needs. You can see the gap between where they are and where they need to be, and love creating a blueprint to get them there. The work: Provides solutions to complex business problems for area(s) of responsibility where analysis of situations requires an in-depth knowledge of organizational objectives Help clients modernize their finance functions by consulting with internal and external teams to understand strategy and goals, then managing your teams’ workflows Create strategies and blueprints that improve operations and refine processes Walk clients through digital transformations, help them find operational efficiencies and new revenue streams Find EPM solutions for clients and share leading practices across the industry Attract new business by creating thoughtful proposals and building strong client relationships Serve as a trusted advisor to senior leadership Stay on top of current trends, and technologies influencing EPM, analytics, and the CFO ecosystem Travel: For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts.  Here’s what you need: Minimum 3 years of finance and management consulting experience Minimum 3 years’ experience with finance functions (analytics, forecasting, core finance), including operating models, supporting organization structures, and process leading practices Working knowledge of Finance technologies. This may include, but not limited to financial close and consolidations, data, planning, budgeting, analytics, reporting and enabling technologies. Bachelor’s degree Bonus points if: You’ve implemented finance, accounting, planning, forecasting, or reporting solutions with clients You’re comfortable with ERP technology and know your way around SAP, Oracle, Workday You’ve worked with these FinTech solutions: OneStream, Anaplan, Cognos, Hyperion, OBIEE, Tableau, and Fusion You have experience leading projects and/or teams You’ve got an MBA after your name or another type of advanced degree As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $119,000 - $130,000 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
84,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=7065b552d4667e7d&fccid=584c799f6b319a76&vjs=3,
85,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=4558af68d1d12108&fccid=bcabf9e77904fbd5&vjs=3,"Company Overview Crown Castle works around the country to build and maintain the infrastructure behind the world’s most revolutionary technologies. As the largest shared infrastructure provider in the United States, Crown Castle owns, operates and leases more than 40,000 cell towers, 80,000 small cells and over 80,000 route miles of fiber across every major US market. This nationwide portfolio of communications infrastructure connects cities and communities to essential data, technology and wireless service – bringing information, ideas and innovations to the people and businesses that need them. Crown Castle is a NYSE S&P 500 and Fortune 500 company and one of the largest Real Estate Investment Trusts in the United States with an enterprise value of approximately $105 billion. Position Title: Senior Financial Analyst (5E) Position Summary Responsible for analysis, reporting, training and consultation on matters relating to operational and financial components of Real Estate Acquisitions (REA). The REA team is a turnkey lease negotiation and comprehensive transaction closing shop that operates in partnership with Crown Castle’s broader Real Estate team and Property Management. Our primary mission is to reduce risk, improve operational ease, and extend the maturity of our tower and rooftop portfolios. In short, our mission is to deliver certainty so our customers can enjoy the long-term use of our infrastructure. A successful candidate will have excellent analytical and communication skills, great attention to detail, and ability to prioritize multiple tasks in a deadline driven and dynamic environment. Experience with Excel, Power BI, SQL and other technology tools to automate the organization of vast amounts of data into useful information is essential. The Senior Financial Analyst will engage in cross-functional partnerships with various stakeholders across Real Estate, Corporate Finance and Operations with frequent interaction with leadership. Essential Job Functions Responsible for conducting financial analysis of varying degrees of difficulty. The successful candidate will have a strong understanding of the linkages between the financial metrics and business levers resulting in expected feedback and guidance to the business on how to improve departmental operational and financial results. Create simple to complex models to fulfill various ad hoc requests for analysis. Convert or create insightful and meaningful reports in Power BI that often will require us of SQL programming Provide exemplary customer service to the business in quality of deliverables (content, design and completion time). Communicate regularly with the leadership team to keep them well informed of financial items via conversations, presentations and reports. Prepare and analyze monthly, quarterly and annual results including the tracking of key financial metrics, budgets and forecasts. Required Education/Certifications Bachelor’s Degree in Finance, Accounting or related field Required Experience Five (5)+ years of experience in a financial analysis or accounting-related position Required Skills/Abilities In-depth experience with financial analysis, valuation and reporting In-depth experience with Power BI, SQL and Microsoft Excel spreadsheet applications Strong attention to detail, organizational skills and interpersonal skills Reports to: Director – National Real Estate Finance Title(s) of direct reports (if applicable): N/A Working Conditions: Works in a normal office setting with no exposure to adverse environmental conditions. Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor???s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)"
86,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9e0e3fedcc4cd338&fccid=02b81620054784e5&vjs=3,"Job Description: The Financial Analyst will be heavily involved in the acquisition and business development of both Asset and prospective clients. The job entails working alongside Acquisitions, Development, and Asset Management in researching & preparing analysis, financial modeling and underwriting to guide decision making Job Responsibilities: Collect, analyze, perform due diligence and underwriting of new investment opportunities Provide general and financial modeling to analyze property performance to make recommendations and interest to pursue Keep abreast current industry market conditions and trends Underwriting acquisition targets and preparing analytical reports Review & propose budgets to analyze prospective acquisitions current actuals vs pro forma financials to make hold/sell/refinance recommendations Prepare & present presentation materials for new and existing investments Provide support for the acquisition, financing and disposition process Assist with capital market activities, property asset management and operational responsibilities Assisting in investor reporting requests Facilitate and assist with monthly reporting, trending, forecasting, and projections. Responsible for making recommendations regarding the operation of the properties. Responsible for escrow analysis, construction draws, replacement reserve reimbursements, and performance analysis for each property. Valuation of existing real estate assets based on analyzing historical operating & financial performance. Financial modeling of future financial performance of real estate assets based upon company operating standards and specific due diligence information. Compiling, logging, and interpreting due diligence information relating to asset financial performance, real estate assets, asset physical condition, market conditions, and results of third-party reports. Financial modeling related to the development & construction of new real estate development projects. Financial analysis of all transactions including cash on cash return and leveraged/unleveraged returns. Preparation of investment analysis package including transaction overview, market overview, and results of financial analysis including sensitivity analysis.  Education/Experience: Bachelor and/or Master’s Degree. Preference in Finance, Economic, Business or related field.  Excellent critical reasoning, quantitative, and analytical skills Deep understanding of financial concepts Excellent interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills Proven organizational skills with attention to detail Advanced Microsoft excel knowledge. Ability to manipulate large amounts of data in excel. Past operational experience in residential property management with a preference in student housing. Experience in MRI and Entrata software a plus.  Physical Requirements: While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to stand; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms and talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to walk and sit. The employee is occasionally required to stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds.  The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Additional Information: This job description should not be considered all-inclusive. It is merely a guide of expected duties. The employee understands that the job description is neither complete, nor permanent and may be modified at any time. At the request of their supervisor, an employee may be asked to perform additional duties or take on additional responsibilities without notice. Full Time Employees are eligible for Asset’s health and welfare benefits (medical, dental, vision, life, accident and disability insurance) are available the first of the month following 60 days of full-time employment and must be elected no later than your benefits effective date. 401K plans are generally available the following 12-month period. Asset’s standard policy is that new hires are eligible for two weeks of paid time off in your first year with Asset, which is available following 90 days of employment. Thereafter, PTO accrues based on years of service. Full Time Employees are eligible to accrue up to 80 hours of Sick leave per year.  Part Time employees are not eligible for any benefits, unless it is required under State Law. All Colorado employees are eligible to accrue Sick Leave under Colorado law.  Commissions/Bonuses will be paid to eligible employees who have met the requirements in accordance with the policy by division and property. Commissions are not earned until paid. Commissions will be paid to eligible employees who have met the requirements in accordance with the policy by division and property. To be eligible for commissions, you must be actively employed on the day commissions are paid. Actively employed means that the employee is at work performing his or her job duties and the employee is not on a paid or unpaid leave of absence or furlough. Upon resignation or termination of employment for any reason, all employees will forfeit any unpaid commissions, unless otherwise prohibited by state law  Applications are open only to those with certain qualifications, and EMPLOYER may screen or reject candidates based on such qualifications.  Job Opportunities can be found on the following websites: https://www.assetliving.com/careers, https://www.sheltonresidential.com/careers.aspx and https://abres.com/careers.html."
87,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ad25122e2d0b1c6a&fccid=917d54fc39badaad&vjs=3,
88,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=b47557f98c5d9999&fccid=061917bc88fc53e6&vjs=3,"Position Summary:  The Financial Reporting Analyst position will be responsible for ensuring that financial statements, reports and disclosures are complete, accurate and timely for both SEC reporting internal reporting to our Executive team. The Financial Reporting Analyst is also expected to gain knowledge of the Company’s accounting policies, processes, controls, and to build relationships with the Accounting team as well as other departments as a “go-to person” for accounting questions and guidance. This position will report to the Financial Reporting Supervisor in Houston, TX. Salary and level commensurate with experience. Essential Job Functions: Prepare and review financial statements and related schedules for the monthly financial package; attend and participate in financial review meetings with management Compile and review variance analysis and explain significant fluctuations in financial statement accounts, utilizing input from the respective account owners in the Accounting department Compile, draft and review 10-K and 10-Q drafts; coordinate with other departments to obtain information for disclosures; ensure SEC compliance of 10-Q/K through review of financial statement disclosure checklists, authoritative accounting guidance and other resources Tie out SEC filings and maintain organized support for all filings Prepare/review required Inline XBRL tagging, including Forms 10-K,10-Q and 8-K Record certain journal entries, including preparation of related supporting schedules and account reconciliations Coordinate with independent auditors in order to facilitate a successful audit and provide documentation requests as necessary Assist in drafting quarterly press releases and review investor presentations, Board presentations and other materials for accuracy Assist with the preparation and review of registration statements Ensure data is accurately maintained in the accounting and reporting systems, including opening and closing monthly financial periods and chart of accounts maintenance Maintain current understanding of GAAP and SEC guidelines; research technical accounting issues, reach conclusions regarding accounting and disclosure, and present findings Draft accounting policies and memos, as necessary Maintain SOX controls Participate in special projects, as necessary This job description is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of duties and responsibilities of the position. Incumbents will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and duties outside of their normal responsibilities as assigned by their supervisor. Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Accounting Minimum 2 years accounting experience Exposure to financial reporting, SEC filings and the external audit process Public accounting experience Strong written and verbal communication skills Excel proficient Proactive and deadline driven Ability to work in a fast-paced environment Physical Requirements and Working Conditions: Must possess mobility to work in a standard office setting and to use standard office equipment, including a computer, stamina to maintain attention to detail despite interruptions, strength to lift and carry files weighing up to 10 pounds; vision to read printed materials and a computer screen, and hearing and speech to communicate in person and over the telephone. The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Preferred Qualifications: Big 4 experience Master’s degree in Accounting Upstream/midstream oil and gas industry experience CPA Experience with Workiva and/or Planful Experience with XBRL"
89,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a6fbefb5579a2373&fccid=917d54fc39badaad&vjs=3,
90,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5d3c5c559d22e45a&fccid=4bffc6c2eafd7d3c&vjs=3,"General Summary Reporting to the Manager, Finance - Manufacturing, the Senior Financial Analyst is responsible for supporting all financial activity across actual transacting, planning, and reporting for the Engineered Systems Segment. Principle Duties & Responsibilities Regional detailed Engineered Systems, Integrated Turnkey, & Manufacturing Shop topline (Bookings, Direct Margin, & Backlog), over/under (includes calculation of chargeable hours & absorption rates), and sales & applications cost center FP&A activities. Budgeting and forecasting data integrity within SAP ERP, BPC consolidation system, and any required offline data requirements. Develops integrated revenue and expense analyses, projections, reports and presentations Establish and lead weekly/monthly/quarterly/annual reporting and tracking rhythms Maintain projects from set up through close in SAP; manage all data interfaces between iMacs and SAP to make sure estimated cost, forecast cost, sell prices and project status tie Coordination with Project Managers, Contracts, Engineering, and Operational teams to maintain accurate forecasting data for percentage of completion revenue recognition Provide detailed analysis of projects including margin analysis with focus on detail of specific pickups and hits Process transactions within SAP throughout the month and for month-end closing activities Month End Reconciliations of Balance Sheet as it relates to Projects Transacting journal entries for the ES Segment Preparation periodic financial statements and management reporting Compile and communicate various month-end analyses for PM’s and divisional management Analyze inventory impairment (aging, slow moving) per company policies, including but not limited to current and projected impairment, and physical inventory count support Assist with preparation of monthly project review file and prepare relevant comments on variances Assist with processing transactions and journal entries within SAP related to Production Orders Perform timely closure of projects in SAP Update and enter data into BPC (Corporate Consolidation Tool) for continuity schedules Lead and participate in functional and cross-functional performance improvement projects. Liaise with internal and external auditors on controls and testing materials. Maintains/enhances Excel templates used for management reporting and forecasting Drive process improvement across the finance reporting function Any other business related to financial support of the USA Region ES Segment. Other ad hoc duties as assigned by Manager, Finance - Manufacturing, to support regional and corporate requirements. Job Specifications Bachelor’s degree in accounting or Finance and or MBA required. Professional accounting designation (CA, CMA, CGA, CPA) preferred. Minimum four years relevant preferred. IFRS knowledge and reporting preferred. MRP environment with SAP experience preferred. SAP BPC financial consolidation experience preferred. Communication skills are fundamental (both written and verbal) as the role will have significant interaction with senior management, operational & functional managers, and corporate office. Work well in a team environment & a team player. Strong technical, analytical and problem-solving skills. Strong motivation, work ethic, organizational and time management skills. Ability to work under pressure in a fast paced, multi-task environment. Accuracy and attention to detail are critical in this role. A high degree of computer literacy in MS Office (Excel, PPT, Outlook, Word, Access). More specifically advanced Excel (pivot tables, dashboards, charts, and graphs) is a must. Demonstrates support, commitment & participation in department goals, regional goals, and enterprise wide goals. Working Conditions Fast-paced general office environment. Tasks are time sensitive. Disclaimer The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required. An Equal Opportunity Employer Enerflex grants equal employment opportunity to all qualified persons without regard to race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, genetic information, mental or physical disability, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law. Equal employment opportunities are provided in recruitment, hiring, promotions, wages, benefits, and other terms, conditions and privileges of employment."
91,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BE1NIxMi_JbcH-ROp8JZ1Q7Gl0zj0qYPSNkFo4TeX5Qi7JG73Jnt262jP0CqRbOJ-5RDIZryp6laKBkuLvoRUb65B5vczuDFfKgHgzmNRedWSNGk9SkbkTmzX3CGNE2XBd5s1NuaVvQRczbIPLk7adphINzU0FYK7XFMd-vMninhb_BMeLpp_aHDvhtnDb0g8jryzC5swr6Oh_znPFCs1upx7PYuJlYy0kQY_GNPGq_gXQ4GsfG_sCeyPpxlY3reyYWk4fMQlxC5xm8Msls1jhvbKZTK0qGsLM9TvEeqUX4MrZq8pYM12EcUatVFpx6Mr9she44aJTuG2DKP7QhDcXTU6Wtu-PhaOxX57UbBx2fXzIe7oWH584evL1krpMNF3ZCRmUCnVe_AjWKuclv083R5j3TEqvWnflRkNu58cnFKKGg2RUZLc5w_nFwX4UZ4vKvMmD4uzvBfE-lBUqrga1Fap8SlkrM9ZLPOhxsWLU2fLSmis25z_AiYem6II7dLs3tZWhkH4GV8hXPIc94OT9X5N-SlMYy0ZlxxJsbfofPlW21QPWWTmZIZrjTIUna5jJDZWJg0aEyihnmSsdgpvHQKVAoK6_inaCTfeRwtkldxBVVbKsMwcdAzbTMIvV2QCWRyhRCPCio5BWA31GV1xD&p=13&fvj=0&vjs=3,"Voca has immediate openings available for Financial Analyst professionals in Bellaire, TX! Job Description: To assist leadership in collecting, analyzing and projecting key operational, financial, and statistical information that can be continually measured against quantifiable targets established by all levels of authority, ranging from the departmental managers to the Board of Directors. Prepares reports identifying differences between current actual results, budgeted targets and prior year actual results Prepares ad hoc financial analyses Prepares existing monthly financial and statistical reports Develop new reports and analyses Assists Sr. Analyst(s) with data compilation and report preparation We need someone flexible that can step in to whatever is needed during the ERP project flexible with different projects, data reconcilication, basic payroll knowledge Qualifications Knowledge of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), knowledge of budgeting processes and principles, and knowledge of financial analysis and reporting principles. Ability to use Microsoft applications including Excel and PowerPoint. The ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing is essential. Required- Bachelor's Degree Finance or Accounting, or related business field Required-1 year financial or accounting experience A Master's degree will substitute for the one year of experience required. Shift 40 Hours/Week  Voca: The Spirit of Work IND-HC"
92,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1c13d8e98e74bf6d&fccid=a533a1eb2195c01e&vjs=3,"Overview:  Corrpro is seeking a self-motivated and energetic Analyst, Financial Planning & Analysis to join the Finance Team in Houston. Corrpro, a subsidiary of Aegion Corporation, is among the world's largest corrosion engineering, cathodic protection, and corrosion monitoring business for the protection and preservation of infrastructure. Corrpro provides professional corrosion consulting and cathodic protection engineering services to major oil companies, government agencies, municipal water, sewer and gas utilities, universities, and public transportation agencies. Corrpro has complete construction installation services, including crews and equipment to install any type of cathodic protection system for any type of structure. For more details, visit www.corrpro.com. Responsibilities:  Provide analytical and decision support for the North American Corrpro team, assist in forecasting and budgeting activities, review and report actual financial performance, lead the preparation of operational review materials, provide input for opportunities to improve the operational performance in the business, and assist with audit requests. Primary Job Accountabilities: Operation and Analytical Support. Use data to track trends, performance and provide observations as well as potential opportunities for improvement. Support Management and Operational decisions by providing detailed analysis using internal and external data sets. Financial Planning & Analysis. Support SMOP reviews, preparation of Global month-end reporting package, analyze and report actual financial performance, assisting in creating forecasts and annual Budget. Develop reporting tools and advance modeling. Compliance & Audits. Support with Audit requests and analysis as needed. Tracking and Implementing Operational Metrics. Create and monitor KPIs and regularly communicate progress to operational leaders. Qualifications: Bachelor Degree in Accounting, Economics, Finance, or Math CPA or CPA eligible, nice to have but not required Financial analysis, project accounting and / or audit experience within a project based environment Experience with M&D, O&G or Construction industry ERP systems experience required; Oracle EPM or JDE experience helpful Visual Reporting (PowerBI, Tableau, DAS) preferred Familiarity with US GAAP Strong analysis and modeling skills. Ability to analyze large data sets and create concise, useful information that can help drive decision making Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Suite Ability to create clean presentations suitable for the executive team Great communication skills and comfortable speaking to an audience Positive attitude and ability to navigate a rapidly changing environment and priority Eagerness to learn and make a positive impact Great team player Ability to travel to US locations as needed throughout the year Compensation & Benefits - Our company offers a Competitive Salary with Career Growth Opportunities and a Full Benefits Package including Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance, Matching 401k, 14 days Paid Time Off, 8 paid Holidays per year, Tuition Assistance, and much more. Aegion is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Equal opportunity is a sound and just concept to which Aegion is firmly bound. Aegion will not engage in discrimination against, or harassment of, any person employed or seeking employment with Aegion on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, non-disqualifying disability, status as a protected veteran or other characteristics protected by law. VEVRAA compliant – priority referral Protected Veterans requested."
93,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=0d91b4b7bf167bcd&fccid=216eb700022de6f6&vjs=3,
94,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=c4d0599f35daa061&fccid=8765a4045377753a&vjs=3,
95,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=0836a3e7a29524cb&fccid=917d54fc39badaad&vjs=3,
96,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=d3b6bfa143a23b79&fccid=fd3e5b9fc7b91d7c&vjs=3,"0 - 2 years of financial/data analysis experienceCurrently pursuing a bachelor’s degree in Accounting, Finance, Economics, Statistics, Business Management, and/or equivalent degreeMinimum GPA of 3.0 or aboveExceptional analytical and quantitative problem-solving skills.Displays strong leadership qualities with the ability to drive projects from conception to completion.Experience working with Excel including Pivot Tables, V-Look Ups, and other key functions is preferredRecognizes the importance of being a team player by adapting to changing project needs.Effective communication (both oral and written), organization and interpersonal skills.Attention to detail with the ability to recognize discrepanciesMust be able to freely access all parts of a construction site in wide-ranging climates and environmentsAbility to work in the United States without sponsorship, both now and in the futureMust have a valid Driver’s LicensePrevious internship experience is preferred "
97,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5a4db6da011e9c19&fccid=053befe8409ab9e4&vjs=3,"Company: US6469 Sysco Payroll, Division of Sysco Resources Services, LLC Zip Code: 77077 Minimum Level of Education: Bachelor’s Degree Minimum Years of Experience: 5 Years Employment Type: Full Time Travel Percentage: Position Summary: Support strategies to help drive increased profitability, process efficiency, reduced costs and overall business improvement. Partner with leadership to deliver financial and strategic results through utilization of Financial Planning & Analysis best practices. Support corporate FP&A processes, initiatives and reporting within the function. Responsibilities: Create reporting and communicate insight for leadership team including metric development Provide insight into financial results for Corporate FP&A Support Annual Operating Plan (AOP) and budgeting process for the business unit Identify cost and efficiency opportunities Support monthly/quarterly business review processes Perform ad-hoc analytics and financial modeling Support the transformation metrics and tracking; tie to P&L results Provide Analytical support for major investment decisions Qualifications: Bachelors Degree required; Masters Degree preferred. Specialization in Accounting, Business, or Finance is required Minimum at least 3 years of work experience in a corporate setting, with emphasis on areas such as reporting development, financial planning and analysis, business analytics, and financial modeling Experience with SAP BPC is preferred Able to perform quantitative analysis using appropriate analytical tools. Requires expert knowledge of Microsoft Excel to develop and troubleshoot reports Strong communication skills, able to independently structure and develop PowerPoint presentations and other business documents for executive audiences Abilities and Skills: High business acumen with strong finance background Works productively across the enterprise and partners with others to achieve shared goals Speaks and acts with complete honesty and trustworthiness Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations will be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit, stand, walk and use hands and fingers to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, and telephone to talk and hear. The employee is frequently required to sit and reach with hands and arms. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 20 pounds. Work Environment: This position can be performed from the Corporate facility. Must be able to do limited travel to Sysco facilities or operating companies. The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations will be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this job. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. BENEFITS INFORMATION: Candidates who start work in the months of May, June and July 2021 may be eligible for medical and prescription drug plan coverage effective on their date of hire*. Standard eligibility rules and timelines apply to all other Sysco benefits, including additional healthcare benefits options, retirement benefits, vacation, and paid sick leave. Please visit https://syscobenefits.com/careers to view additional benefits information. *Exceptions/exclusions may apply HOW WE PROTECT OUR ASSOCIATES COVID-19 Precaution(s): Personal protective equipment and masks provided Temperature screenings Social distancing guidelines in place Sanitizing, disinfecting, and cleaning procedures in place OVERVIEW: Sysco is the global leader in foodservice distribution. With over 57,000 associates and a fleet of over 13,000 vehicles, Sysco operates approximately 326 distribution facilities worldwide and serves more than 625,000 customer locations. We offer our associates the opportunity to grow personally and professionally, to contribute to the success of a dynamic organization, and to serve others in a manner that exceeds their expectations. We’re looking for talented, hard-working individuals to join our team. Come grow with us and let us show you why Sysco is at the heart of food and service. AFFIRMATIVE ACTION STATEMENT: Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer, and consider qualified applicants without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected factor under federal, state or local law. This opportunity is available through Sysco Corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliates."
98,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=dc480250c624a673&fccid=32abf2477b06bb69&vjs=3,"Overview:  Are you interested in a career that truly makes an impact? Do you want your job to help make nature and communities better with each project you touch? At RES, we believe that human progress and the restoration of nature’s resources can go hand in hand. Our belief made us what we are today - the nation’s leading ecological restoration company, with over 400 stream miles restored and conserved, 20,000,000 trees planted, and 15,000 acres of special-status species habitat established. We restore our land and waters with integrity and innovation, one community at a time. Do you want to be part of a team whose talent and dedication are unmatched in the industry? The mission of the FP&A team is to help RES management make informed and data-driven decisions about the company’s short and long-term direction and to facilitate integrated budgeting, planning, analysis, and process management. This role will work closely as a financial partner with regional management, act as liaison between regional Project Managers, Accounting, and Corporate FP&A, and will be responsible for supporting all corporate financial analysis. Responsibilities: Support the budgeting and forecasting processes for the organization Develop financial models and analyses to support strategic initiatives, and create data-driven recommendations Consolidate and analyze the regional financial results and forecasts for Revenues, Overhead, Headcount, Capital Expenditures, Working Capital and Cash Flow based on bottoms-up and top-down planning Assemble profitability and financial risk analyses with both a near-term and long-term focus Provide Monthly and Quarterly business metrics and financial reporting packages to support the regional and Corporate leadership teams Engage with cross-functional leaders as part of the regional leadership team including Sales, Operations, Land, Regulatory, Business Development, and Finance Create “trade-off/what if” scenario models to provide value-added management decision support Participate in financial systems team meetings and activities, as needed Support FP&A and overall Accounting & Finance team on all change initiatives and special projects related to systems and processes to improve efficiency Core Working Relationships: Corporate FP&A team Regional management team Regional Project Managers Corporate Accounting team Key Competencies: Superior analytical skills, combined with strong business judgment and ability to communicate and influence across the organization Ability to create complex and dynamic financial models in Excel and to manage large and complex data sets Passion for change and continuous improvement in financial processes and systems Ability to work in a fast-paced and dynamic environment with a drive to deliver outstanding results and a strong attention to detail Instills trust and gains the confidence and trust of others through honesty, integrity and authenticity Qualifications:  Minimum: BS/BA 3 or more years of accounting/finance experience Superior Excel, Powerpoint skills required Desired: Bachelor degree in a quantitative field (Accounting or Finance degree preferred) 3-5 years work experience in an accounting/financial analysis environment preferably with a large corporation or Big 4 accounting firm/financial advisory/consulting firm VEVRAA Federal Contractor RES is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law."
99,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=958e0273b91a2a6b&fccid=0059806ce5dabd16&vjs=3,"We are looking for an experienced individual, to work within our Enterprise Solutions Group in the role of Business Solutions Finance Analyst. The individual will bring expertise, knowledge, and experience to the team as a key contributor responsible for the global rollout of Oracle Cloud Finance Modules for NOV. The candidate will interface with business users, our system integrator and functional analysts within the NOV global network and work in a fast-paced environment juggling multiple tasks to deliver a quality world class ERP to our business users. The position combines business knowledge and an understanding of the inner-workings and configuration options of Oracle Cloud Finance modules to deliver best practices, integrated, efficient and effective solution which complies with all appropriate policy, regulation and legislation requirements. This role will also facilitate and improve communication between business and technical resources. Essential Functions include: High level understanding of the big picture from a global design perspective Excellent critical thinking skills to help address and resolve business issues. Ability to communicate effectively with all levels of users. Research ways to identify those that can best help serve the needs of clients. Gather requirements, create design documents, and perform impact analysis for application changes. Plan and organize tasks, report progress, and manage and coordinate with consultants for implementations. Develop solutions to leverage Oracle applications functionality for the Oracle Financial Suite of Modules Interpret and convert data based on business requirements and shepherd the data for delivery. Work with existing systems to track and manage issues and enhancement opportunities. Create test plans, test cases, test scripts and performs functional testing. Understand and modify the Application Configuration as required (includes system setups, flex-fields, , profile options, etc.). Conduct user sessions for requirement and testing. Qualifications 4-10 years of experience Implementing Oracle Financials are required Knowledge of Oracle SQL Knowledge of core Oracle Cloud financial modules Demonstrate experience in the setup, configuration and Integration of Oracle Cloud Demonstrate understanding of Oracle Cloud application's architecture, data structures and functionality Prepared detailed functional specifications for, interfaces, reports, conversions, personalizations Background or practical experience in Finance or Accounting Please note that knowledge of accounting is very important as this role independently works with the Finance team to automate and improve financial reporting and business processes.   Non-technical skills for this role: Bachelorâ€™s degree in related field Functional knowledge of U.S. GAAP accounting standards, processes and documents. Strong interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills are REQUIRED. Excellent customer service and problem solving skills are also required"
100,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=298865d4bc8af41a&fccid=9e7f698751275e59&vjs=3,"Sr. Finance Analyst General Summary The Senior Financial Planning and Analysis (FP&A) Analyst i s responsible for the developing the company’s quarterly forecasts & annual budgeting process and provides financial consultation and strategic support to senior management. Essential Job Functions Maintains a safe, secure and healthy environment by adhering to Company/Customer safety standards and practices and to legal regulations, alerting others regarding potential hazards or concern Performs all duties as assigned and adheres to TEAM ’s Core Values Analyzes current and past trends in key performance indicators including areas of revenue, cost of sales, expenses and capital expenditures Determine s the impact of global accounting activities including foreign currency and consolidations Monitors indicators of performance and highlights trends and causes of variance Improves performance by evaluating processes to drive efficiencies and understands the ROI of current and proposed projects Identifies, analyzes and discusses generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) , with management and other relevant parties Develops financial models to support strategic initiatives and aids in management decision making Analyzes complex financial information to provide accurate and timely financia l recommendations to management Provides timely and accurate information (financial and operating metrics, ad hoc analyses) to the Director of Finance and Operational users Works with corporate accounting and operational contacts; focus on project profitability analysis, labor analysis and financial modeling Contributes to company-wide budgets and forecasts, supplying understanding company cost structure/drivers Provides analytical communications support to branches to support change management relating to new systems or process implementation Researches and analyzes industries, companies, historical fin ancial statements and projects financial information Guide s cost analysis process by establishing and enforcing policies and procedures; providing trends and forecasts; explaining processes and techniques; recommending actions. Other ad-hoc projects as assigned Job Qualifications Bachelor's degree in Finance, Accounting, or related field of study required Master’s degree in Accounting or Finance preferred CPA preferred but not required Three (3) to five (5) years’ experience in financial planning and analysis (public accounting experience preferred) Experience using JD Edwards , Hyperion, OneStream and Microsoft Dynamics AX preferred Advanced Microsoft Excel, Word and PowerPoint skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to think creatively, highly driven and self-motivated Travel requirement: 0% - 25% Work Conditions Position is located at the corporate office Work is conducted in a semi-private office/cubicle setting Days and hours of work are Monday through Friday 8:00 am to 5:00 pm. Some flexibility in hours is allowed, but the employee must be available during the core work hours of 9:30 am to 3:30 pm Physical and Mental Requirements Ability to lift and carry 25 pounds Sufficient clarity of speech and hearing or other communication capabilities, with or without reasonable accommodation, which permits employee to communicate effectively Ability to sit for prolonged periods of time with or without reasonable accommodation Sufficient manual dexterity with or without reasonable accommodation, which permit the employee to perform routine office duties Sufficient personal mobility and physical reflexes, with or without reasonable accommodations to perform office duties and travel when necessary to off-site locations TEAM provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training."
101,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=59e8feac0a8fff36&fccid=31983fe75ad38002&vjs=3,
102,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=fbe884e58edf1191&fccid=053befe8409ab9e4&vjs=3,"Company: US6469 Sysco Payroll, Division of Sysco Resources Services, LLC Zip Code: 77077 Minimum Level of Education: Bachelor’s Degree Minimum Years of Experience: 5 Years Employment Type: Full Time Travel Percentage: 0 SUMMARY: Support strategies to help drive increased profitability, process efficiency, reduced costs and overall business improvement. Partner with Operations leadership to deliver financial and strategic results through utilization of Financial Planning & Analysis best practices. Support corporate FP&A processes, initiatives and reporting within the Operations organization. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Create reporting suites that enable insights for Finance and Business team. Partner with field finance teams to develop KPIs that help explain performance and drive proactive P&L management Provide business insights to corporate FP&A on the monthly and quarterly results versus plan and forecast Support Annual Operating Plan (AOP) for the US Foodservice organization Support monthly/quarterly business review process Identify margin, cost and efficiency opportunities Perform ad-hoc analytics and financial modeling Support the business transformation metrics and tracking; tie to P&L results Use VBA and other tools to create excel based standardized reporting with flexibility for multi-dimensional use Use data analytics to draw conclusions and present financial and operational insights in an effort to support timely executive level decision-making Make strategic recommendations for solutions to business problems and opportunities using data analytics and predictive modeling REQUIRED MINIMUM EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE: BA or, an equivalent combination of education and experience (5+ years) sufficient to successfully perform the essential functions of the job Minimum at least 5 years of work experience in a corporate setting, with emphasis on areas such as reporting development, financial planning and analysis, business analytics, and financial modeling Strong Commercial focus, with exposure to multiple business/functions and excellent business partnering skills. PREFERRED SKILLS: Visual Basic (VB) experience in Excel Experience with data visualization software (Tableau) ABILITIES AND SKILLS: High business acumen with strong finance background Self-starter, high motivated to improve business processes Works productively across the enterprise and partners with others to achieve shared goals Speaks and acts with complete honesty and trustworthiness PHYSICAL DEMANDS The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations will be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit, stand, walk and use hands and fingers to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, and telephone to talk and hear. The employee is frequently required to sit and reach with hands and arms. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 20 pounds. WORK ENVIRONMENT: This position can be performed from the corporate facility. Must be able to do limited travel to Sysco facilities or operating companies. The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations will be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this job. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. NOTICE: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature of the environment and level of work being performed by this job. This job description in no way states or implies that these are the only tasks to be performed by the employee in this job. He or she will be required to follow any other instructions and to perform any other job related duties requested by his or her supervisor. Reasonable accommodations will be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. This job description supersedes prior job descriptions. BENEFITS INFORMATION: Candidates who start work in the months of May, June and July 2021 may be eligible for medical and prescription drug plan coverage effective on their date of hire*. Standard eligibility rules and timelines apply to all other Sysco benefits, including additional healthcare benefits options, retirement benefits, vacation, and paid sick leave. Please visit https://syscobenefits.com/careers to view additional benefits information. *Exceptions/exclusions may apply HOW WE PROTECT OUR ASSOCIATES COVID-19 Precaution(s): Personal protective equipment and masks provided Temperature screenings Social distancing guidelines in place Sanitizing, disinfecting, and cleaning procedures in place OVERVIEW: Sysco is the global leader in foodservice distribution. With over 57,000 associates and a fleet of over 13,000 vehicles, Sysco operates approximately 326 distribution facilities worldwide and serves more than 625,000 customer locations. We offer our associates the opportunity to grow personally and professionally, to contribute to the success of a dynamic organization, and to serve others in a manner that exceeds their expectations. We’re looking for talented, hard-working individuals to join our team. Come grow with us and let us show you why Sysco is at the heart of food and service. AFFIRMATIVE ACTION STATEMENT: Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer, and consider qualified applicants without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected factor under federal, state or local law. This opportunity is available through Sysco Corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliates."
103,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=46cef74575fe1fab&fccid=93f480e9ca33a501&vjs=3,"Reporting to the group controller, the Senior Financial Analyst compiles and analyzes financial information for an organization. Develops integrated revenue/expense analyses, projections, reports, and presentations. Creates and analyzes monthly, quarterly, and annual reports and ensures financial information has been recorded accurately. Identifies trends and developments in competitive environments and presents findings to senior management. Performs financial forecasting and reconciliation of internal accounts. Familiar with a variety of the field's concepts, practices, and procedures. Relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. Performs a variety of complicated tasks. May lead and direct the work of others. Job Duties/Roles Closing the monthly books and preparation of financial statements. Analysis and review of monthly financial results to ensure accuracy and correctness. Preparation of monthly rolling forecast of profitability. Preparation of journal entries and/or review of overhead allocations. Preparation of annual budget. Provide ad hoc reporting and analysis on an as requested basis. Preparation of management discussion and analysis ""MD&A"" for monthly results, monthly forecast, and annual budget. Analysis of the trial balance. Analysis of client receivables. Analysis of Corporate Property, Plant, & Equipment ""PP&E"". Liaison directly with corporate departments for support and analysis. Preparation of audit schedules. All other applicable duties as assigned.  Qualifications Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Required (KSAR) Knowledge of the latest spreadsheet or word processing software. Knowledge in general ledger system and subsystems; Oracle R12 and Hyperion preferred. Good communication skills, as well as the ability to interact with others, and the ability to communicate directly with upper management. The ability to be proactive in preventing errors and detecting areas at risk, and the ability to work effectively under pressure. The ability to work independently with minimal supervision. Needs to be familiar with the ABS Health, Safety, Quality & Environmental Management System.  Minimum years of Experience Requires a minimum of five (5) years previous accounting and financial experience Required/Preferred Education Requirements A Bachelor’s degree in accounting or finance is required Required/Preferred Professional Requirements CPA preferred Disclaimer Clause This job description is not intended, and should not be construed, to be an all-inclusive list of responsibilities, skills, efforts, or working conditions associated with the job of the incumbent. It is intended to be an accurate reflection of the principal job elements essential for making a fair decision regarding the pay structure of the job. Working Conditions Work will normally be performed in an air-conditioned office environment and will be non-manual in nature. Occasionally may have to lift between 5‒15 pounds.  ABS Group of companies is committed to the equal employment opportunity of its employees and prohibits discrimination against any employee or qualified applicant on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, citizenship status or veteran status, or other non-work-related characteristics that may be protected under the law of the Federal Government or specific state employment laws.  ABS Group is proud to be an equal opportunity employer (EEO Employer/Vet/Disabled). #LI-JP1"
104,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=09b15981cba69336&fccid=9e284e7f3c3e6087&vjs=3,
105,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=c820a834bcc73351&fccid=b68fb4f47a8d382d&vjs=3,
106,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=da03351519777e2d&fccid=228c7dfd08a45e32&vjs=3,"Tokio Marine HCC is a leading specialty insurance group with offices in the United States, Mexico, the United Kingdom and Continental Europe, transacting business in approximately 180 countries and underwriting more than 100 classes of specialty insurance. Tokio Marine HCC products and capabilities set the standard for the industry, and many of the Company’s more than 3,000 employees are industry-leading experts. We have an exciting opportunity for a Financial Planning Supervisor in our Corporate Headquarters located in Houston, TX. Overview: It is an exciting time of growth and change for TMHCC. This role offers the opportunity for high visibility to Executive Management, corporate department leadership, and subsidiary business unit leadership. Consequently, it also presents many opportunities for specialization, based on the skills of the individual taking on the role. As TMHCC continues to grow its book of business both organically and by acquisition, this individual as a key member of the Budgeting and Financial Planning team would be responsible for the preparation and documentation of reports, both ad-hoc and periodic, and financial information for use by Executive Management, Board of Directors, regulators, rating agencies, etc. Additional responsibilities would include developing and enhancing budgeting software, working cross-functionally with technical resources to integrate budgeting software with other enterprise software, and other special projects as assigned; special projects may include but are not limited to those related to Mergers and Acquisitions, Public Relations and Corporate Social Responsibility. This position will report to the Vice President of Financial Planning & Analysis in the Budgeting and Financial Planning team. (TMHCC Title: Financial Planning Supervisor) Performance Objectives: Budgeting and Forecasting Support (30%): Provide support, guidance and validation for the preparation of the consolidated TMHCC budget and forecast each year. Actively collaborate with subsidiary companies globally to facilitate preparation of the annual budget and quarterly forecast in addition to resolving subsidiary concerns and challenges as needed. Research, analyze and document budget activities. Review and improve policies and procedures to enhance operational effectiveness. Compile and analyze financial information for management and other stakeholders on a Management Reporting and US GAAP basis. System development (30%): Facilitate ongoing development and enhancement of features in Oracle PBCS, as well as integration work between Oracle PBCS and other enterprise software. Facilitate testing processes to ensure functionality and accuracy of systems. Monitor Oracle PBCS and other systems as needed to ensure continued data accuracy and integrity. Facilitate transfer of data between Oracle PBCS and other systems. Reporting (20%): Collaborate with Business Units and other corporate departments to compile information for Management Reporting and US GAAP consolidated reporting of the budget and forecast. Compile and prepare reports, graphs and charts of budget, forecast and actual data. Proactively work cross-functionally with other departments to ensure data integrity and accuracy. Special Projects (20%): Gather and analyze data for use in the evaluation of Merger, Acquisition and/or Divestiture opportunities as well as assist in the preparation of project deliverables. Gather and analyze data as part of TMHCC’s efforts to support group Corporate Social Responsibility initiatives and ensure delivery of accurate and relevant data to stakeholders. Assist in the review and preparation of Public Relations materials, including but not limited to reports, PowerPoint presentations and press releases. Qualifications: Ideally, the successful candidate will have six to twelve years of relevant and progressive Accounting and/or Finance experience. Minimum of four years of insurance-related experience. Leadership experience preferred. Understanding of US GAAP and Management Reporting. Optimization of work processes. Knows the most effective and efficient methods to get things done, with a focus on continuous improvement. Sound analytical skills, as well as strong decision-making and problem-solving aptitude. The ideal candidate will have at least a Bachelor’s degree in Accounting, Finance or a related field. Certified Public Accountant (CPA) designation preferred. Advanced proficiency and experience using Microsoft Office package (Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Word). Experience with enterprise budgeting and planning software such as Oracle PBCS, Oracle Hyperion, SAP, etc. Tokio Marine HCC group of companies offers a competitive salary and employee benefit package. We are a successful, dynamic organization experiencing rapid growth and are seeking energetic and confident individuals to join our team of professionals. The Tokio Marine HCC group of companies is an equal-opportunity employer. Please visit www.tmhcc.com for more information about our companies. #LI-BJ1"
107,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=87b2321dc45b6f25&fccid=2a9df862dc2adb37&vjs=3,
108,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=73b0fa5e3c3a77bf&fccid=f2d0ffe36bb2f0f4&vjs=3,"Job Summary: WHO ARE WE? Live Nation Entertainment is the world’s leading live entertainment company, comprised of global market leaders: Ticketmaster, Live Nation Concerts, and Live Nation Media & Sponsorship. Ticketmaster is the global leader in event ticketing with over 500 million tickets sold annually and more than 12,000 clients worldwide. Live Nation Concerts is the largest provider of live entertainment in the world promoting more than 40,000 shows and 100+ festivals annually for nearly 4,000 artists in over 40 countries. These businesses allow Live Nation Media & Sponsorship to create strategic music marketing programs that connect over 1,000 brands with the 98 million fans that attend Live Nation Entertainment events each year. For additional information, visit www.livenationentertainment.com. WHO ARE YOU? Passionate and motivated. Driven, with an entrepreneurial spirit. Resourceful, innovative, forward thinking and committed. At Live Nation Entertainment, our people embrace these qualities, so if this sounds like you then please read on! WHAT THE ROLE WILL DO Assist with the process of accounting for leases Assist with the implementation of new accounting pronouncements that impact lease accounting or other topics as needed Assist with providing training on new accounting literature, primarily for lease accounting and the lease accounting software (Costar) for divisional finance Provide guidance to local accountants on complex technical accounting issues, primarily for lease accounting Review contracts to identify leases that are in scope of ASC Topic 842 Leases. Identify significant terms in lease agreements and input lease data into lease accounting software (CoStar) Prepare lease accounting journal entries on a monthly basis Prepare various internal and external reporting schedules, including account analysis, monthly reconciliations and quarterly schedules for lease disclosure in Forms 10-Q and 10-K Ensure compliance with SOX controls primarily related to lease accounting. Perform the periodic quantitative and/or qualitative impairment assessment of certain indefinite-lived intangible assets Perform the assessment of impairment of long-lived assets Prepare the quarterly and annual going concern assessments Prepare the quarterly convertible debt assessment Prepare the quarterly interest rate swap entry and disclosure for Forms 10-Q and 10-K Provide other recurring and ad hoc analysis and technical research as required by management WHAT THIS PERSON WILL BRING: Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting Three to five years accounting experience Technical accounting and/or public accounting experience a plus Strong written and verbal communication skills Multi-task oriented Strong organization skills Oracle and Costar experience a plus If the above description sounds like you and fits your background, apply online at www.livenationentertainment.com/careers to join the Live Nation Entertainment team today! Applicants for employment in the U.S. must possess work authorization which does not require sponsorship by the employer for a visa. BENEFITS & PERKS - Our motto is ‘Taking Care of Our Own’ through 6 pillars of benefits: HEALTH: Medical, Dental and Vision benefits for you and your family, including Flexible Spending Accounts (FSA) and Health Savings Accounts (HSAs) YOURSELF: Paid time off policy including holidays, sick time and day off for your birthday, free concert tickets WEALTH: 401(k) program with company match, Stock Program Reimbursement FAMILY: New parent programs & support including caregiver leave and baby bonus, infertility support CAREER: Tuition reimbursement, student loan repayment internal growth and development programs & trainings OTHERS: Volunteer time off, crowdfunding network EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY We are passionate and committed to our people and go beyond the rhetoric of diversity and inclusion. You will be working in an inclusive environment and be encouraged to bring your whole self to work. We will do all that we can to help you successfully balance your work and homelife. As a growing business we will encourage you to develop your professional and personal aspirations, enjoy new experiences, and learn from the talented people you will be working with. It’s talent that matters to us and we encourage applications from people irrespective of their gender, race, sexual orientation, religion, age, disability status or caring responsibilities. Live Nation strongly supports equal employment opportunity for all applicants regardless of age (40 and over), ancestry, color, religious creed (including religious dress and grooming practices), family and medical care leave or the denial of family and medical care leave, mental or physical disability (including HIV and AIDS), marital status, domestic partner status, medical condition (including cancer and genetic characteristics), genetic information, military and veteran status, political affiliation, national origin (including language use restrictions), citizenship, race, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth or breastfeeding), gender, gender identity, and gender expression, sexual orientation, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state or local law, rule, ordinance or regulation. We will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinance, San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the California Fair Chance Act and consistent with other similar and / or applicable laws in other areas. We also afford equal employment opportunities to qualified individuals with a disability. For this reason, Live Nation will make reasonable accommodations for the known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified individual with a disability who is an applicant consistent with its legal obligations to do so, including reasonable accommodations related to pregnancy in accordance with applicable local, state and / or federal law. As part of its commitment to make reasonable accommodations, Live Nation also wishes to participate in a timely, good faith, interactive process with a disabled applicant to determine effective reasonable accommodations, if any, which can be made in response to a request for accommodations. Applicants are invited to identify reasonable accommodations that can be made to assist them to perform the essential functions of the position they seek. Any applicant who requires an accommodation in order to perform the essential functions of the job should contact a Human Resources Representative to request the opportunity to participate in a timely interactive process. Live Nation will also provide reasonable religious accommodations on a case by case basis. HIRING PRACTICES The preceding job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Live Nation recruitment policies are designed to place the most highly qualified persons available in a timely and efficient manner. Live Nation may pursue all avenues available, including promotion from within, employee referrals, outside advertising, employment agencies, internet recruiting, job fairs, college recruiting and search firms."
109,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=4d735c4eab64a9e6&fccid=a587b5d5d0314e22&vjs=3,Key Skill 
110,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=0e7701178a482a2c&fccid=216eb700022de6f6&vjs=3,
111,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=c820a834bcc73351&fccid=b68fb4f47a8d382d&vjs=3,
112,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=e93d2437cdd8fca2&fccid=c112fcc6f2aa0c18&vjs=3,"ChampionX has an immediate need for a Senior Oracle Finance Analyst. This position can be located in either of our offices in Sugar Land, TX or The Woodlands, TX. This position will provide expertise, support and liaison between the business and IT by providing production support and implementing, supporting configuration and enhancements in the company's core ERP: Oracle R12 E-business Suite application. Ideally, the candidate has Oracle EBS cross module experience in Supply Chain & Finance modules of Oracle E-business suite. This role will be crucial to support business functions working with global user-base with different operating companies. It will require working closely with cross functional team members to understand and shape the overall Oracle EBS landscape. What’s in it For You: The opportunity to take on some of the world’s most meaningful challenges, helping customers achieve clean water, safe food, abundant energy, and healthy environments The ability to make an impact and shape your career with a company that is passionate about growth The support of an organization that believes it is vital to include and engage diverse people, perspectives, and ideas to achieve our best Thrive in a company that values sustainability, drives a safety-focused culture and has been recognized as one of the most ethical companies in the world Comprehensive benefits package starting day 1 of employment - includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401k retirement plan, and more! What You Will Do: This is a hands-on role working with team of functional analysts, developers & end-users Responsible for functional, technical, configuration and integration analysis activities to support a large, global user base Oracle ERP environment. Perform administration, functional & technical design and development of Oracle ERP Configurations, Customization, and custom application integrations Work with business functions to gather requirements to document functional specifications and process flows. Work with internal Finance & Supply Chain partners to understand and review the feasibility of business requirements Gather business requirements for enhancements, customizations and develop technical requirement documents Requirements gathering and collaboration with technical team to develop documentation as defined by technical team Responsible for gap analysis of functional flows, provide solution design, perform demo for the Gaps solution from standard solution sets as well customized solutions Provide end user support from root cause analysis through resolution with both onsite and offshore support resources Provide functional and technical support during the release testing phases and in defect resolution Analyze the business requirements of all internal departments to standardize/improve business practices, processes, procedures using the ERP system Develop business cases and lead the implementation of such projects working closely with the PMO team. Support the associated change management needs of the organization including training to the users Ensure all audit requests are completed within the timelines provided and compliance findings are effectively addressed Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Business or manufacturing/operations or IT related field or equivalent experience 15 years of experience working on Oracle EBS Supply Chain & Finance modules No immigration sponsorship available for this position No relocation assistance offered for this role Preferred Qualifications: Ability to effectively communicate in the English language, both verbally and in writing Excellent listening, interpersonal, written, and oral communication skills Identify and lead efficiency improvements and growth opportunities through user self-service, data analytics, building efficiencies and automation where appropriate Ability to read and interpret technical journals, specifications, international technical standards, etc. Must be able to effectively communicate with distributed end users on how the Oracle application can assist in supporting their needs Oracle Fusion / Cloud implementation experience is a plus About ChampionX: ChampionX is a global leader in providing chemistry programs and services, drilling technology, artificial lift solutions, and automation technologies for the upstream and midstream oil and gas industry. Our world-class safety culture fuels our purpose to improve lives through our commitment to deliver sustainable operations. Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion At ChampionX , we believe the best teams are diverse and inclusive, and we are on a journey to create a workplace where every associate can grow and achieve their best. We are committed to fair and equal treatment of associates and applicants. We recruit, hire, promote, transfer and provide opportunities for advancement on the basis of individual qualifications and job performance. In all matters affecting employment, compensation, benefits, working conditions, and opportunities for advancement, we will not discriminate against any associate or applicant for employment because of race, religion, color, creed, national origin, citizenship status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expressions, genetic information, marital status, age, disability, or status as a covered veteran. In addition, we are committed to furthering the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) through Affirmative Action (AA). Our goal is to fully utilize minority, female, disabled and covered veteran individuals at all levels of the workforce. We will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including the City of Los Angeles’ Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance and the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance."
113,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=0da990c0ee1d304b&fccid=1b866506aec22461&vjs=3,"Unique mastery and recognized authority on relevant subject matter knowledge including technologies, theories and techniques. Contributes to the development of innovative principles and ideas. Successfully operates in the most complex disciplines, in which the company must operate to be successful. Provides highly innovative solutions. Leads large, cross-division functional teams or projects that affect the organization?s long-term goals and objectives. May participate in cross-division, multi-function teams. Provides mentoring and guidance to lower level employees. Routinely exercises independent judgment in developing methods, techniques and criteria for achieving objectives. Develops strategy and sets functional policy and direction. Acts as a functional manager within area of expertise but does not manage other employees as a primary job function. Responsibilities: Provides the most complex financial analysis for a financial function or a business, typically exercising a unique understanding of the business to determine the best method for achieving objectives. Consults with business leaders to guide and influence long- term and strategic decision-making within the broadest scope. Forecasts financial results within the broadest scope. Leads and advises on the most complex business initiatives, typically leading several analysts across multiple areas within finance and across geographies/organizations. Drives process improvement and policy development initiatives that impact the function globally. Represents the business unit during cross-regional or cross- functional planning processes. Provides mentoring and guidance to analysts. Education and Experience Required: First level university degree with a focus in business or economics; advanced degree or accounting certification (e.g., CPA, MBA) strongly preferred. Typically 10+ years of experience as a financial analyst. Typically experienced in a variety of finance functions. Knowledge and Skills: Excellent understanding of accounting principles and financial analysis. Excellent analytical skills. Superior business application skills (e.g., Microsoft Excel). Superior communication and influencing skills. Superior teamwork skills Excellent business acumen. Excellent project management skills. About HP   You’re out to reimagine and reinvent what’s possible—in your career as well as the world around you.  So are we. We love taking on tough challenges, disrupting the status quo, and creating what’s next. We’re in search of talented people who are inspired by big challenges, driven to learn and grow, and dedicated to making a meaningful difference.   HP is a technology company that operates in more than 170 countries around the world united in creating technology that makes life better for everyone, everywhere.   Our history: HP’s commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion – it's just who we are.  From the boardroom to factory floor, we create a culture where everyone is respected and where people can be themselves, while being a part of something bigger than themselves. We celebrate the notion that you can belong at HP and bring your authentic self to work each and every day. When you do that, you’re more innovative and that helps grow our bottom line. Come to HP and thrive!"
114,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=4441e07a04ce270c&fccid=5bcd1ef0a7f4fb99&vjs=3,
115,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=934405e44d615ec8&fccid=ae20af26677cbcd0&vjs=3,
116,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=6a4c601a797b8bfe&fccid=aa0c107946f57109&vjs=3,"JOB APPLICATIONS ACCEPTED FROM: All Persons InterestedPOSTING NUMBER: 25875SERVICE LINE: Financial Management ServicesSECTION: Fiscal ServicesREPORTING LOCATION: 611 Walker Street, 24th FloorWORKDAYS & HOURS: M – F, 8:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m.* *Subject to changeDESCRIPTION OF DUTIES/ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONSDevelop, monitor, analyze and update various reports, records, and projects that relate to Drainage, Water, Sewer Revenue and other fees. Reconcile and prepare journal entries for monthly reports. Analyze monthly financial reports. Prepare spreadsheet/schedules, graphs, charts and reports. Assist contract management including budget and accounting related to water plants cost allocation and other projects with various customers. Perform other duties as requested by Division and Department Head.WORKING CONDITIONSThe position is physically comfortable; the individual has discretion about walking, standing, etc. There are no major sources of discomfort, i.e., essentially normal office environment with acceptable lighting, temperature and air conditions. This is a Houston Public Works Emergency Management position at the Tier III Level.  EXAMPLE OF DUTIES MINIMUM EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS Requires a Bachelor's degree in Finance, Accounting, Business Administration or a closely related field. MINIMUM EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTSFour (4) years of professional experience in finance, economics, budget analysis or a closely related field are required. Substitutions: Experience cannot be substituted for the Bachelor’s degree requirement. A Master's degree in Finance, Accounting, Business Administration or a closely related field may be substituted for two years of the above experience requirement.MINIMUM LICENSE REQUIREMENTS None  MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Preferences will be given to candidates with experience in the following: *SAP and Advanced MS Excel*Revenue accounting and auditing*Analytical financial operations' research skills*Knowledge of municipal budgeting, accounting, and reporting procedures*Cost Allocation and daily accounting processing.**Preference shall be given to eligible veteran applicants provided such persons possess the qualifications necessary for competent discharge of the duties involved in the position applied for, such persons are among the most qualified candidates for the position, and all other factors in accordance with Executive Order 1-6.**  SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION SELECTION/SKILLS TESTS REQUIRED NoneHowever, the department may administer a skill assessment evaluation. SAFETY IMPACT POSITION No If yes, this position is subject to random drug testing and if a promotional position, candidate must pass an assignment drug test. SALARY INFORMATIONFactors used in determining the salary offered include the candidate's qualifications as well as the pay rates of other employees in this classification. Pay Grade 21APPLICATION PROCEDURESOnly online applications will be accepted for this City of Houston job and must be received by the Human Resources Department during active posting period. Applications must be submitted online at: www.houstontx.gov.To view your detailed application status, please log-in to your online profile by visiting: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/houston/default.cfm or call (832-393-6015).If you need special services or accommodations, call (832.393-6015). (TTY 7-1-1)If you need login assistance or technical support call 855-524-5627.Due to the high volume of applications received, the Hiring Department will contact you directly, should you be selected to advance in our recruitment process.All new and rehires must pass a pre-employment drug test and are subject to a physical examination and verification of information provided. EEO Equal Employment OpportunityThe City of Houston is committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse workforce and providing a work environment that is free from discrimination and harassment based upon any legally protected status or protected characteristic, including but not limited to an individual's sex, race, color, ethnicity, national origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity, or pregnancy."
117,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ddffc4dd049dfdc7&fccid=aa0c107946f57109&vjs=3,"JOB APPLICATIONS ACCEPTED FROM: All Persons InterestedDIVISION: Financial Planning & AnalysisREPORTING LOCATION: 611 WalkerWORK DAYS & HOURS: MONDAY-FRIDAY, 8am - 5pm**subject to changeDESCRIPTION OF DUTIES/ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONSCoordinate and directs the development, implementation and monitoring of various financial activity and procedures to effectively manage budgets, programs and systems. May supervise assigned budget analyst in the coordination, implementation, administration and operation of the Annual Budget process, Budget Priorities, Policies & Strategies. Undertake in-depth analyses, make recommendations to management. Generates and oversees various budget and financial reports and others as requested by management. May supervise, counsel and plan the activities of a team of financial analysts. Establishes and maintains budgeting and accounting policies and procedures for the section. May provide energy forecast and analyze weekly, monthly and annual expenditures. Proficient in analyzing financial information and providing variance and forecast analysis and reports. Review financial material and make recommendations as appropriate. Acts as a liaison for the department. Participates in other projects as requested by management. Provide technical assistance, financial analysis, and budget analysis to various departments as necessary. Coordinates and conducts special projects. The ideal candidate will have strong written and oral skills and be able to think critically and creatively. Must possess strong leadership and interpersonal skills; detail oriented with strong organizational and time management skills. Must be a self-starter and committed to completing tasks timely, which will include working additional hours and/or over the weekend as needed. Demonstrated customer service skills; ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with employees, internal and external stakeholders. WORKING CONDITIONSThe position is physically comfortable; the individual has discretion about walking, standing, etc. There are no major sources of discomfort in a normal office environment.  EXAMPLE OF DUTIES EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS Requires a Bachelor's degree in Finance, Accounting, Business Administration or a closely related field.EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS Six years of professional experience in finance, economics, budget analysis or a closely related field are required.Substitutions: Experience cannot be substituted for the Bachelor’s degree requirement. A Master's degree in Finance, Accounting, Business Administration or a closely related field may be substituted for two years of the above experience requirement.LICENSE REQUIREMENTSNone  MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Preference will be given to individuals with technical assistance, financial analysis, and budget analysis experience. Consideration will also be given to candidates with experience in forecasting expenditures. **Preference shall be given to eligible veteran applicants provided such persons possess the qualifications necessary for competent discharge of the duties involved in the position applied for, such persons are among the most qualified candidates for the position, and all other factors in accordance with Executive Order 1-6.**  SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION SELECTION/SKILLS TESTS REQUIRED Department may administer skills assessment test.SAFETY IMPACT POSITION NoIf yes, this position is subject to random drug testing and if a promotional position, candidate must pass an assignment drug test.SALARY INFORMATION Factors used in determining the salary offered include the candidate's qualifications as well as the pay rates of other employees in this classification. Salary Range – Pay Grade 25 APPLICATION PROCEDURESOnly online applications will be accepted for this City of Houston job and must be received by the Human Resources Department during posting opening and closing dates shown. Applications must be submitted online at: www.houstontx.gov. To view your detailed application status, please log-in to your online profile by visiting: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/houston/default.cfm or call (832)393-0486. If you need special services or accommodations, call (832)393-0486 (TTY 7-1-1).If you need login assistance or technical support call 855-524-5627.Due to the high volume of applications received, the Hiring Department will contact you directly, should you be selected to advance in our recruitment process.All new and rehires must pass a pre-employment drug test and are subject to a physical examination and verification of information.EEO Equal Employment OpportunityThe City of Houston is committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse workforce and providing a work environment that is free from discrimination and harassment based upon any legally protected status or protected characteristic, including but not limited to an individual's sex, race, color, ethnicity, national origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity, or pregnancy."
118,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=0a95cedb3f0fbe46&fccid=8765a4045377753a&vjs=3,
119,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=b9bc4ef396862112&fccid=cd562fbb7a33d561&vjs=3,"Looking to join an exciting disruptive technology company? NurseDash is expanding its team. Founded in Houston, NurseDash is growing into multiple markets and regions across the country. Our platform empowers nurses by connecting them to per diem shifts. We have a growing client base and are looking to add to our operations team. The Financial Analyst role provides full-service support to our clinicians and facility clients. Processing payments and invoices and translate insights into actions to improve our product. Responsibilities Prepare and process payment distribution for the users of the platform Client invoice creation and distribution Collaborate with users and clients to achieve the most suitable outcome for all parties Fastidious recordkeeping throughout daily processes Review of client activity for anomalous behavior Transaction execution and reconciliation Assist users and clients with queries relating to the transactions Prepare reports and analyses to facilitate the business function Traits We Seek Ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously, going from technical/financial to client interaction with ease Desire to make a meaningful impact at a fast-growing, exciting company Self-discipline with a strong work ethic and the ability to work autonomously Superior interpersonal skills with the ability to work with various types of clients Critical thinker, continuous improvement mindset Detail-oriented and very organized Problem solver, enjoys helping others Solid analytical skills, ability to learn at a fast pace Experience and Skills Aptitude for data analysis Advanced computer skills - Microsoft Excel Excellent written and verbal communication Practical knowledge of transaction processing, specifically ACH and wire transfers College degree preferred Perks Working with a remote distributed team with work from home environment Casual team-oriented environment Competitive pay rates with eligible increases Medical, Dental, Vision, and Short-term/Long-term Disability Industry-specific training Opportunity for advancement at a rapidly growing Houston-based technology company NurseDash is an equal opportunity employer. We make all employment decisions without regard to gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, race, color, religion, age, pregnancy, national origin, veteran status, disability or any other classification protected by applicable laws."
120,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=94ee5079cbb19640&fccid=d9dfe33fff1b302f&vjs=3,"POSITION SUMMARY: As an Analyst, you will report to a Manager and support the efficient underwriting of new development and financing opportunities. Responsibilities will include collaboration with a variety of business segments and direct communication with division leaders. Successful analysis will lead to effective decision making and proper deployment of personnel and financial resources to acquire and develop large scale projects for vertical and horizontal development that will significantly add to the bottom line for the company. FUTURE GROWTH: The Analyst position is an opportunity to gain experience in an entrepreneurial environment across several asset classes while helping the Signorelli Company to appropriately and efficiently deploy personnel and financial resources in the development process. ESSENTIAL JOB RESPONSIBILITIES: Conduct complex and detailed financial modeling and data analysis (utilizing Microsoft Excel) of vertically integrated large-scale development opportunities across several asset classes. Produce periodic presentations and reports for project stakeholders (i.e. lenders, investors, management, etc.). Model fund waterfalls and promote economics for real estate transactions. Develop and maintain appropriate business and financial models to synthesize insights. Assist in the underwriting of funds and equity partners. Support existing acquisitions and strategic initiatives through ongoing analysis and project management. Gather industry data and competitive information from external and internal business units. Support with public financing vehicles such as Opportunity Zones Funds, Management Districts, Municipal Utility Districts, TIRZ and sales tax agreements. Work effectively with professionals and information sources to obtain and consolidate information, develop conclusions, communicate key analytics to team members. Performs other related duties as assigned. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES: Expert ability to create financial models utilizing MACROS and other advanced Excel functions. Strong financial and statistical background. Excellent understanding of return metrics. Adept in quantitative reasoning. Ability to build positive working relationships with team members and consultants. Ability to work under time constraints and deadlines while managing multiple projects. Detail-oriented with strong administrative and analytical skills. Personality Attributes: self-starter, inquisitive and intellectually curious, effectively work with minimal supervision, detailed problem solver/critical thinker, pro-active and resourceful, exceptional communication skills, organized, high energy level. Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite or similar software, especially Excel and PowerPoint. Exposure to Argus software is a plus. EXPERIENCE, EDUCATION, CERTIFICATIONS AND LICENSES: Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited institution with a focus in Finance, Accounting, or Economics. One or more years of experience in general financial accounting, reporting or analysis, commercial real estate development experience and/or development underwriting experience. Background in real estate, private equity, or investment banking is preferred."
121,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5f31812ea9326e50&fccid=f995b3dd032a3478&vjs=3,
122,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=39d3dbf97e71f53f&fccid=f8bae42a51e11812&vjs=3,"MACCO was formed to provide responsive, high-touch counsel and services to middle-market clients with annual revenues between $25 million and $1 billion. Our team of senior professionals excels in the following practice areas: interim leadership, business restructuring, financial advisory, fiduciary services, and transaction support. Our blend of cross-sector expertise and experience is a differentiator for businesses that find themselves facing operational or financial risk. We are currently seeking a Senior Financial Analyst to join us at our Houston office. This is a contract position that reports to the Managing Director and will be fast-tracked for a Director role. The right candidate will be a strategic, out-of-the box thinker, who is detail-oriented and accountable for high-level performance. We are looking for savvy number cruncher who is an expert at financial modeling and can turn around 13-week cash flow projections on the fly. Qualifications: Outstanding personality with the social versatility to work with senior executives, private equity firms, lenders, lawyers, middle managers and line workers of middle market companies. Expert insightful analysis of operational P&Ls and management financial forecasts. Ability to critically review and assess client management's forward-looking projections and business model. Excel guru with and expert level usage of formulas, pivot tables and macros. History of exceptional work under time-constrained and otherwise pressure-filled circumstances. Mastery of financial modeling, and cash flow projections. Proficiency in communicating analysis through MS Word and PowerPoint including expert level presentations, formatting, and quality control review. Excellent written and verbal communication skills including strong e-mail etiquette. 5+ years of experience, preferably at a middle-market operating company or firm that works with middle market companies (investment bank, advisory, financial institution, Private Equity, or similar.) Always-on mentality and super-responsive nature. Strong background in transaction-related business law and accounting concepts. Willingness to work remotely as well as travel up to 70% of time. Compensation: 65% of $350 to $450/hr. billing rate. After 90 to 180 days: $165K+, commensurate with experience and performance, bonus compensation goals, and employee benefits package. Location: Houston, TX and Remote OTQKqDvjS0"
123,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=e4494ff83a801eb8&fccid=ce4fcada5752b5b9&vjs=3,"As an up-and-coming accounting professional, you will find unparalleled job satisfaction as the Financial Reporting Analyst for Bray International, a leading global manufacturer of flow control products. In this evolving role, you will be on the front lines of a company-wide initiative to provide more business-critical information and reports to our department heads and executives, driving the organization into the future in a data-driven and analytical fashion. At Bray we are committed to retaining and developing top talent, so success in this role will allow you to define your ideal career path and work towards that goal. If you're ready to take your career to the next level and want to make an immediate and tangible impact with a growing organization then join Bray International today! As the Financial Reporting Analyst, based in our Houston, TX, headquarters, your mission will be to generate and analyze a wide variety of financial reports that will help our executives and department leaders make business-critical decisions. We are forward looking and are actively building the next generation of Bray International, which will keep us on the cutting edge of our industry for decades to come. Join our team today to take your career to new heights! Primary responsibilities include: Leverage your hands-on experience and/or quick ability to learn with OneStream XF, Excel, tabular cubes, and ERP to quickly come up to speed with our finance and accounting infrastructure and generate weekly, monthly, and ad hoc reporting. Generating reports is only half the battle, so we will rely upon your meticulous attention to detail, keen analytical abilities, and superior communication skills to ensure that variances are uncovered and explained, and that the data accurately reflects the impact on our business. Deep accounting experience, both academic and professional, is required as you assist with the month-end close process, including reconciliations, journal entry analysis, and financial statement review and analysis. Your proactive approach to seeking out new responsibilities and augmenting your knowledge base via continued learning will make you an invaluable member of our team. Education and Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting, Finance, or related major Minimum 5 years of financial reporting experience Strong working knowledge of Excel and multi-dimensional reporting systems ERP experience and strong ability to learn various computer applications Please Note: Under the current circumstances we are facing, all employees and contractors are required to complete a questionnaire daily, have temperature taken and wear a facial mask for protection while working Immigration sponsorship not offered for this position Staffing and recruiting agencies are not invited to submit candidates for this job posting Education Preferred Bachelors or better in Accounting Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor???s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)"
124,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9e0e3fedcc4cd338&fccid=02b81620054784e5&vjs=3,"Job Description: The Financial Analyst will be heavily involved in the acquisition and business development of both Asset and prospective clients. The job entails working alongside Acquisitions, Development, and Asset Management in researching & preparing analysis, financial modeling and underwriting to guide decision making Job Responsibilities: Collect, analyze, perform due diligence and underwriting of new investment opportunities Provide general and financial modeling to analyze property performance to make recommendations and interest to pursue Keep abreast current industry market conditions and trends Underwriting acquisition targets and preparing analytical reports Review & propose budgets to analyze prospective acquisitions current actuals vs pro forma financials to make hold/sell/refinance recommendations Prepare & present presentation materials for new and existing investments Provide support for the acquisition, financing and disposition process Assist with capital market activities, property asset management and operational responsibilities Assisting in investor reporting requests Facilitate and assist with monthly reporting, trending, forecasting, and projections. Responsible for making recommendations regarding the operation of the properties. Responsible for escrow analysis, construction draws, replacement reserve reimbursements, and performance analysis for each property. Valuation of existing real estate assets based on analyzing historical operating & financial performance. Financial modeling of future financial performance of real estate assets based upon company operating standards and specific due diligence information. Compiling, logging, and interpreting due diligence information relating to asset financial performance, real estate assets, asset physical condition, market conditions, and results of third-party reports. Financial modeling related to the development & construction of new real estate development projects. Financial analysis of all transactions including cash on cash return and leveraged/unleveraged returns. Preparation of investment analysis package including transaction overview, market overview, and results of financial analysis including sensitivity analysis.  Education/Experience: Bachelor and/or Master’s Degree. Preference in Finance, Economic, Business or related field.  Excellent critical reasoning, quantitative, and analytical skills Deep understanding of financial concepts Excellent interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills Proven organizational skills with attention to detail Advanced Microsoft excel knowledge. Ability to manipulate large amounts of data in excel. Past operational experience in residential property management with a preference in student housing. Experience in MRI and Entrata software a plus.  Physical Requirements: While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to stand; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms and talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to walk and sit. The employee is occasionally required to stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds.  The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Additional Information: This job description should not be considered all-inclusive. It is merely a guide of expected duties. The employee understands that the job description is neither complete, nor permanent and may be modified at any time. At the request of their supervisor, an employee may be asked to perform additional duties or take on additional responsibilities without notice. Full Time Employees are eligible for Asset’s health and welfare benefits (medical, dental, vision, life, accident and disability insurance) are available the first of the month following 60 days of full-time employment and must be elected no later than your benefits effective date. 401K plans are generally available the following 12-month period. Asset’s standard policy is that new hires are eligible for two weeks of paid time off in your first year with Asset, which is available following 90 days of employment. Thereafter, PTO accrues based on years of service. Full Time Employees are eligible to accrue up to 80 hours of Sick leave per year.  Part Time employees are not eligible for any benefits, unless it is required under State Law. All Colorado employees are eligible to accrue Sick Leave under Colorado law.  Commissions/Bonuses will be paid to eligible employees who have met the requirements in accordance with the policy by division and property. Commissions are not earned until paid. Commissions will be paid to eligible employees who have met the requirements in accordance with the policy by division and property. To be eligible for commissions, you must be actively employed on the day commissions are paid. Actively employed means that the employee is at work performing his or her job duties and the employee is not on a paid or unpaid leave of absence or furlough. Upon resignation or termination of employment for any reason, all employees will forfeit any unpaid commissions, unless otherwise prohibited by state law  Applications are open only to those with certain qualifications, and EMPLOYER may screen or reject candidates based on such qualifications.  Job Opportunities can be found on the following websites: https://www.assetliving.com/careers, https://www.sheltonresidential.com/careers.aspx and https://abres.com/careers.html."
125,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=4558af68d1d12108&fccid=bcabf9e77904fbd5&vjs=3,"Company Overview Crown Castle works around the country to build and maintain the infrastructure behind the world’s most revolutionary technologies. As the largest shared infrastructure provider in the United States, Crown Castle owns, operates and leases more than 40,000 cell towers, 80,000 small cells and over 80,000 route miles of fiber across every major US market. This nationwide portfolio of communications infrastructure connects cities and communities to essential data, technology and wireless service – bringing information, ideas and innovations to the people and businesses that need them. Crown Castle is a NYSE S&P 500 and Fortune 500 company and one of the largest Real Estate Investment Trusts in the United States with an enterprise value of approximately $105 billion. Position Title: Senior Financial Analyst (5E) Position Summary Responsible for analysis, reporting, training and consultation on matters relating to operational and financial components of Real Estate Acquisitions (REA). The REA team is a turnkey lease negotiation and comprehensive transaction closing shop that operates in partnership with Crown Castle’s broader Real Estate team and Property Management. Our primary mission is to reduce risk, improve operational ease, and extend the maturity of our tower and rooftop portfolios. In short, our mission is to deliver certainty so our customers can enjoy the long-term use of our infrastructure. A successful candidate will have excellent analytical and communication skills, great attention to detail, and ability to prioritize multiple tasks in a deadline driven and dynamic environment. Experience with Excel, Power BI, SQL and other technology tools to automate the organization of vast amounts of data into useful information is essential. The Senior Financial Analyst will engage in cross-functional partnerships with various stakeholders across Real Estate, Corporate Finance and Operations with frequent interaction with leadership. Essential Job Functions Responsible for conducting financial analysis of varying degrees of difficulty. The successful candidate will have a strong understanding of the linkages between the financial metrics and business levers resulting in expected feedback and guidance to the business on how to improve departmental operational and financial results. Create simple to complex models to fulfill various ad hoc requests for analysis. Convert or create insightful and meaningful reports in Power BI that often will require us of SQL programming Provide exemplary customer service to the business in quality of deliverables (content, design and completion time). Communicate regularly with the leadership team to keep them well informed of financial items via conversations, presentations and reports. Prepare and analyze monthly, quarterly and annual results including the tracking of key financial metrics, budgets and forecasts. Required Education/Certifications Bachelor’s Degree in Finance, Accounting or related field Required Experience Five (5)+ years of experience in a financial analysis or accounting-related position Required Skills/Abilities In-depth experience with financial analysis, valuation and reporting In-depth experience with Power BI, SQL and Microsoft Excel spreadsheet applications Strong attention to detail, organizational skills and interpersonal skills Reports to: Director – National Real Estate Finance Title(s) of direct reports (if applicable): N/A Working Conditions: Works in a normal office setting with no exposure to adverse environmental conditions. Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor???s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)"
126,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=16c6dfdbebfe0c8e&fccid=101195ffa200c2d6&vjs=3,"The Financial Analyst must possess the ability to work effectively in a team environment, partnering with the Financial Team and non-Financial personnel. As such, the successful candidate will demonstrate the capacity to fulfill the following essential functions: Act as liaison and provide financial reports and analysis to various departments and members of the management team Prepare Budgets, Forecast, or any other forward-looking analysis Evaluate bids, pricing, and analysis of operational transformation and financial growth and optimization. Formulate, maintain, present, and explain existing and new KPIs to Financial and non-Financial personnel and, if needed, build and maintain Dashboards to display real-time results. Report on actual financial results against targets, provide analysis of variances, and assist in guidance on future trends for a business line, location and contract financials Support non-Finance groups such as Billing, Accounting, and Operations with helpful analysis Assist with daily, weekly, and monthly reporting packages to improve company performance Translate ideas into tangible action to help achieve critical business priorities Lead actions to improve or transform processes or systems to ensure they are efficient and effective Develop a broad systems knowledge and provide input by thinking from an “end-to-end” perspective that considers all users and stakeholders Handle confidential information in a prudent and responsible manner Regular, predictable attendance at the job location Any other duties as assigned Financial Analyst will mostly advise, consult, and coordinate with: Executive and Business Line Leadership Corporate Staff and Field Support staff Competency: To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies: Problem Solving, Customer Service, Interpersonal, and Oral Communication Qualifications: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions General Qualifications: 18 years of age Reliable transportation Valid State Driver’s License with a verifiable safe vehicle operating record Eligible to work in the United States Education/Experience: Bachelor degree from an accredited university (MBA preferred) 2-3 years of experience in Accounting, Finance or Related Field Language Ability: Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals in English. Ability to communicate effectively in English. Math Ability: Ability to understand and analyze financial operations, profit and loss statements, customer invoices, and other mathematical functions necessary to complete job Reasoning Ability: Ability to apply common sense understanding and critical thinking skills to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form Computer Skills: Demonstrated proficiency in Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook. Exposure to SQL and PowerBI is a plus."
127,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=58fdc5c582c6837f&fccid=3a7a8934559b0c46&vjs=3,"Well-established company growing with opportunities for Securities Analysts (SA), preferably with syndicated loan experience. Excellent opportunity for critical thinkers that can grasp new concepts and interested in learning a niche market. Stability, comprehensive benefits, healthy work/life balance and dynamic/engaging work culture!  The SA processes complex transactions and reconciliations related to loan or security payments with heavy portfolio analysis, agreement review and scheduled reporting. Minimum of 2 years of financial or business-related experience recommended. AppleOne is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Pursuant to applicable state and municipal Fair Chance Laws and Ordinances, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.  0-1 years"
128,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=46cef74575fe1fab&fccid=93f480e9ca33a501&vjs=3,"Reporting to the group controller, the Senior Financial Analyst compiles and analyzes financial information for an organization. Develops integrated revenue/expense analyses, projections, reports, and presentations. Creates and analyzes monthly, quarterly, and annual reports and ensures financial information has been recorded accurately. Identifies trends and developments in competitive environments and presents findings to senior management. Performs financial forecasting and reconciliation of internal accounts. Familiar with a variety of the field's concepts, practices, and procedures. Relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. Performs a variety of complicated tasks. May lead and direct the work of others. Job Duties/Roles Closing the monthly books and preparation of financial statements. Analysis and review of monthly financial results to ensure accuracy and correctness. Preparation of monthly rolling forecast of profitability. Preparation of journal entries and/or review of overhead allocations. Preparation of annual budget. Provide ad hoc reporting and analysis on an as requested basis. Preparation of management discussion and analysis ""MD&A"" for monthly results, monthly forecast, and annual budget. Analysis of the trial balance. Analysis of client receivables. Analysis of Corporate Property, Plant, & Equipment ""PP&E"". Liaison directly with corporate departments for support and analysis. Preparation of audit schedules. All other applicable duties as assigned.  Qualifications Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Required (KSAR) Knowledge of the latest spreadsheet or word processing software. Knowledge in general ledger system and subsystems; Oracle R12 and Hyperion preferred. Good communication skills, as well as the ability to interact with others, and the ability to communicate directly with upper management. The ability to be proactive in preventing errors and detecting areas at risk, and the ability to work effectively under pressure. The ability to work independently with minimal supervision. Needs to be familiar with the ABS Health, Safety, Quality & Environmental Management System.  Minimum years of Experience Requires a minimum of five (5) years previous accounting and financial experience Required/Preferred Education Requirements A Bachelor’s degree in accounting or finance is required Required/Preferred Professional Requirements CPA preferred Disclaimer Clause This job description is not intended, and should not be construed, to be an all-inclusive list of responsibilities, skills, efforts, or working conditions associated with the job of the incumbent. It is intended to be an accurate reflection of the principal job elements essential for making a fair decision regarding the pay structure of the job. Working Conditions Work will normally be performed in an air-conditioned office environment and will be non-manual in nature. Occasionally may have to lift between 5‒15 pounds.  ABS Group of companies is committed to the equal employment opportunity of its employees and prohibits discrimination against any employee or qualified applicant on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, citizenship status or veteran status, or other non-work-related characteristics that may be protected under the law of the Federal Government or specific state employment laws.  ABS Group is proud to be an equal opportunity employer (EEO Employer/Vet/Disabled). #LI-JP1"
129,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=da03351519777e2d&fccid=228c7dfd08a45e32&vjs=3,"Tokio Marine HCC is a leading specialty insurance group with offices in the United States, Mexico, the United Kingdom and Continental Europe, transacting business in approximately 180 countries and underwriting more than 100 classes of specialty insurance. Tokio Marine HCC products and capabilities set the standard for the industry, and many of the Company’s more than 3,000 employees are industry-leading experts. We have an exciting opportunity for a Financial Planning Supervisor in our Corporate Headquarters located in Houston, TX. Overview: It is an exciting time of growth and change for TMHCC. This role offers the opportunity for high visibility to Executive Management, corporate department leadership, and subsidiary business unit leadership. Consequently, it also presents many opportunities for specialization, based on the skills of the individual taking on the role. As TMHCC continues to grow its book of business both organically and by acquisition, this individual as a key member of the Budgeting and Financial Planning team would be responsible for the preparation and documentation of reports, both ad-hoc and periodic, and financial information for use by Executive Management, Board of Directors, regulators, rating agencies, etc. Additional responsibilities would include developing and enhancing budgeting software, working cross-functionally with technical resources to integrate budgeting software with other enterprise software, and other special projects as assigned; special projects may include but are not limited to those related to Mergers and Acquisitions, Public Relations and Corporate Social Responsibility. This position will report to the Vice President of Financial Planning & Analysis in the Budgeting and Financial Planning team. (TMHCC Title: Financial Planning Supervisor) Performance Objectives: Budgeting and Forecasting Support (30%): Provide support, guidance and validation for the preparation of the consolidated TMHCC budget and forecast each year. Actively collaborate with subsidiary companies globally to facilitate preparation of the annual budget and quarterly forecast in addition to resolving subsidiary concerns and challenges as needed. Research, analyze and document budget activities. Review and improve policies and procedures to enhance operational effectiveness. Compile and analyze financial information for management and other stakeholders on a Management Reporting and US GAAP basis. System development (30%): Facilitate ongoing development and enhancement of features in Oracle PBCS, as well as integration work between Oracle PBCS and other enterprise software. Facilitate testing processes to ensure functionality and accuracy of systems. Monitor Oracle PBCS and other systems as needed to ensure continued data accuracy and integrity. Facilitate transfer of data between Oracle PBCS and other systems. Reporting (20%): Collaborate with Business Units and other corporate departments to compile information for Management Reporting and US GAAP consolidated reporting of the budget and forecast. Compile and prepare reports, graphs and charts of budget, forecast and actual data. Proactively work cross-functionally with other departments to ensure data integrity and accuracy. Special Projects (20%): Gather and analyze data for use in the evaluation of Merger, Acquisition and/or Divestiture opportunities as well as assist in the preparation of project deliverables. Gather and analyze data as part of TMHCC’s efforts to support group Corporate Social Responsibility initiatives and ensure delivery of accurate and relevant data to stakeholders. Assist in the review and preparation of Public Relations materials, including but not limited to reports, PowerPoint presentations and press releases. Qualifications: Ideally, the successful candidate will have six to twelve years of relevant and progressive Accounting and/or Finance experience. Minimum of four years of insurance-related experience. Leadership experience preferred. Understanding of US GAAP and Management Reporting. Optimization of work processes. Knows the most effective and efficient methods to get things done, with a focus on continuous improvement. Sound analytical skills, as well as strong decision-making and problem-solving aptitude. The ideal candidate will have at least a Bachelor’s degree in Accounting, Finance or a related field. Certified Public Accountant (CPA) designation preferred. Advanced proficiency and experience using Microsoft Office package (Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Word). Experience with enterprise budgeting and planning software such as Oracle PBCS, Oracle Hyperion, SAP, etc. Tokio Marine HCC group of companies offers a competitive salary and employee benefit package. We are a successful, dynamic organization experiencing rapid growth and are seeking energetic and confident individuals to join our team of professionals. The Tokio Marine HCC group of companies is an equal-opportunity employer. Please visit www.tmhcc.com for more information about our companies. #LI-BJ1"
130,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=54d7758b4cd6010a&fccid=a33da30d09c6e6af&vjs=3,
131,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=dc5278ecc3eb8aeb&fccid=053befe8409ab9e4&vjs=3,"Company: US6469 Sysco Payroll, Division of Sysco Resources Services, LLC Zip Code: 77077 Employment Type: Full Time Travel Percentage: DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: This is the lead Analyst role supporting the Senior Finance Manager for the International Merchandising function. Supporting strategies to help drive increased profitability, process efficiency, deeper insights and overall business improvements across the International Segment. Providing routine monthly and quarterly reporting and insight for International Merchandising team, including alignment and development of margin metrics across the portfolio markets Performing financial analysis that translates respective market insights into Opportunities and Risks for the International Leadership team Tracking and reporting progress on Local, Regional and Global Merchandising initiatives, whilst demonstrating a clear link to the reported P&L results Supporting Corporate FP&A processes, including co-ordination of monthly forecasting and Annual Operating Plan (AOP) for the International Merchandising function Providing ad-hoc analytics and financial decision support ABILITIES AND SKILLS: High business acumen with strong finance background Works productively across the enterprise and partners with others to achieve shared goals Communicates clearly and concisely; verbal and written Speaks and acts with complete honesty and trustworthiness Able to deploy Finance best practices across the organization EDUCATION: Bachelor's Degree required REQUIRED MINIMUM EXPERIENCE: 3 years relevant Finance experience required BENEFITS INFORMATION: Candidates who start work in the months of May and June 2021 may be eligible for medical and prescription drug plan coverage effective on their date of hire*. Standard eligibility rules and timelines apply to all other Sysco benefits, including additional healthcare benefits options, retirement benefits, vacation, and paid sick leave. Please visit https://syscobenefits.com/careers to view additional benefits information. *Exceptions/exclusions may apply HOW WE PROTECT OUR ASSOCIATES COVID-19 Precaution(s): Personal protective equipment and masks provided Temperature screenings Social distancing guidelines in place Sanitizing, disinfecting, and cleaning procedures in place OVERVIEW: Sysco is the global leader in foodservice distribution. With over 57,000 associates and a fleet of over 13,000 vehicles, Sysco operates approximately 326 distribution facilities worldwide and serves more than 625,000 customer locations. We offer our associates the opportunity to grow personally and professionally, to contribute to the success of a dynamic organization, and to serve others in a manner that exceeds their expectations. We’re looking for talented, hard-working individuals to join our team. Come grow with us and let us show you why Sysco is at the heart of food and service. AFFIRMATIVE ACTION STATEMENT: Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer, and consider qualified applicants without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected factor under federal, state or local law. This opportunity is available through Sysco Corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliates."
132,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=cc24cb33ac918aeb&fccid=61e847dda35dc377&vjs=3,"As one of the world’s leading asset managers, we are solely dedicated to delivering an investment experience that helps people get more out of life. If you're looking for challenging work, smart colleagues, and a global employer with a social conscience, explore your potential at Invesco The Department Invesco Mortgage Capital, Inc. is a publicly held mortgage real estate investment trust (REIT) that trades on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: IVR). The company is primarily focused on investing in, financing and managing residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities and mortgage loans. IVR is externally managed by Invesco Advisors. Your Role This position reports to IVR’s Senior Manager – Technical Accounting and SEC Reporting and has the primary responsibility of supporting various external and internal financial reporting and operational finance functions of IVR. You will be responsible for: Assisting in preparation of SEC filings including 10-Q’s, 10-K’s, and 8-K’s Preparing management reports and presentations Performing analyses on key metrics to identify trends and analyze variances Researching technical accounting issues to propose and support solutions Monitoring new accounting standards for applicability to IVR Reviewing the work of international resources Assisting with internal and external audits Assisting with SOX compliance including providing and coordinating deliverables Coordinating internal and external wire transfers Preparing ad hoc requests to support senior management’s decision making  The experience you bring: Minimum of 3 to 5 years of accounting experience Prior SEC reporting experience or public accounting experience with exposure to SEC filings Workiva software knowledge strongly preferred Financial services industry experience preferred Excellent oral and written communication skills Ability to thrive in an environment of change and openness to new challenges and opportunities Ability to work hands-on in a team environment Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in accounting or related field CPA or CPA candidacy preferred  What’s in it for you? Our people are at the very core of our success. Invesco employees get more out of life through our comprehensive compensation and benefit offerings including: Flexible time off and opportunities for a flexible work schedule 401(K) matching of 100% up to the first 6% with additional supplemental contribution Health & wellbeing benefits Parental Leave benefits Employee stock purchase plan  The above information on this description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this role. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. The job holder may be required to perform other duties as deemed appropriate by their manager from time to time.  Invesco's culture of inclusivity and its commitment to diversity in the workplace are demonstrated through our people practices. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, national origin, citizenship status, disability, age, or veteran status. Our equal opportunity employment efforts comply with all applicable U.S. state and federal laws governing non-discrimination in employment."
133,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=298865d4bc8af41a&fccid=9e7f698751275e59&vjs=3,"Sr. Finance Analyst General Summary The Senior Financial Planning and Analysis (FP&A) Analyst i s responsible for the developing the company’s quarterly forecasts & annual budgeting process and provides financial consultation and strategic support to senior management. Essential Job Functions Maintains a safe, secure and healthy environment by adhering to Company/Customer safety standards and practices and to legal regulations, alerting others regarding potential hazards or concern Performs all duties as assigned and adheres to TEAM ’s Core Values Analyzes current and past trends in key performance indicators including areas of revenue, cost of sales, expenses and capital expenditures Determine s the impact of global accounting activities including foreign currency and consolidations Monitors indicators of performance and highlights trends and causes of variance Improves performance by evaluating processes to drive efficiencies and understands the ROI of current and proposed projects Identifies, analyzes and discusses generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) , with management and other relevant parties Develops financial models to support strategic initiatives and aids in management decision making Analyzes complex financial information to provide accurate and timely financia l recommendations to management Provides timely and accurate information (financial and operating metrics, ad hoc analyses) to the Director of Finance and Operational users Works with corporate accounting and operational contacts; focus on project profitability analysis, labor analysis and financial modeling Contributes to company-wide budgets and forecasts, supplying understanding company cost structure/drivers Provides analytical communications support to branches to support change management relating to new systems or process implementation Researches and analyzes industries, companies, historical fin ancial statements and projects financial information Guide s cost analysis process by establishing and enforcing policies and procedures; providing trends and forecasts; explaining processes and techniques; recommending actions. Other ad-hoc projects as assigned Job Qualifications Bachelor's degree in Finance, Accounting, or related field of study required Master’s degree in Accounting or Finance preferred CPA preferred but not required Three (3) to five (5) years’ experience in financial planning and analysis (public accounting experience preferred) Experience using JD Edwards , Hyperion, OneStream and Microsoft Dynamics AX preferred Advanced Microsoft Excel, Word and PowerPoint skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to think creatively, highly driven and self-motivated Travel requirement: 0% - 25% Work Conditions Position is located at the corporate office Work is conducted in a semi-private office/cubicle setting Days and hours of work are Monday through Friday 8:00 am to 5:00 pm. Some flexibility in hours is allowed, but the employee must be available during the core work hours of 9:30 am to 3:30 pm Physical and Mental Requirements Ability to lift and carry 25 pounds Sufficient clarity of speech and hearing or other communication capabilities, with or without reasonable accommodation, which permits employee to communicate effectively Ability to sit for prolonged periods of time with or without reasonable accommodation Sufficient manual dexterity with or without reasonable accommodation, which permit the employee to perform routine office duties Sufficient personal mobility and physical reflexes, with or without reasonable accommodations to perform office duties and travel when necessary to off-site locations TEAM provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training."
134,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0ABlbgmRunahSWEMvO4v1iTu5Ck0xfBTrm-DXDWxasAKsFsWtBaGHiD_n8TBJRveZY9Z0l1tk-uG_F-T91ie7VmQpfxhYCnqGZvgDDFc6XPRwp57MqiDy9oPoSz62YNZfEeWXaPRPNwhrqkygNdrEGI7Y8jQsKC-xED25OHuHnXaECxWVWpBuM-k-z3oZ_iHpeBtOY-1vCAp3FYwLCS6vctwa8nP8zDwC3PDyEJ9QzdOUwXNoNxMrBzg0ZZz6zvhhu2iXTbcb-rbzCorG1Vi370HRlQeoXmDQXaRm6JuJwFYRFmo2II55oCJPxn2qxQ0EHaMNbH0Pye_Jh7hpB9hufahBwnkIAk9JOugZTWNl0vig6KI4Tr43U7__MD343DIEHa8nyYDCA0FuU85gZvNYkEw0nZos2wa4tlqTBYlC5dDndTarOf7JOquVtq3Gf6ZQb_OPQ1JKXK5VYztjeZnjhFKfn_TpeoyipYWvFz564Tu7nOHDWPTBMJOVxb_yvdIUdZ9GlmU9k3RISh3UyBCcY8mhwwHzGOgpOK1wuuaUeZVSlcuHZK4iYhp6uIihjkxezLoDQ4ZeR4MFgUJNf2ygSjgGkklQxLdtV7d7O31Ag-_H_TnM_RQvss8y9eTOk9zLo=&p=6&fvj=0&vjs=3,"A well known manufacturing organization in the Houston area has a need for an FP&A Analyst. The ideal candidate will have AT LEAST 4 years of accounting and finance experience in a manufacturing organization.  Duties and Responsibilities:  Power BI Consolidated Financial Statement creation Annual budget and quarterly re-forecasts Continuous improvement of financial processes and systems Prepare balance sheet, profit/loss statements, and statement of cash flows  Requirements:  Microsoft Power BI experience ERP experience Ability to travel 20%  To apply, please send me your resume to cm@libertyjobs.com  Please add me on LinkedIn!  I look forward to working with you!  Chris McFarland  Liberty Personnel Services  410 Feheley Drive | King of Prussia, PA 19406  610-238-1977 Direct Line  #LI-CM1  #midsenior  #accountingfinance  #libertyjobs  #hiring"
135,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=59e8feac0a8fff36&fccid=31983fe75ad38002&vjs=3,
136,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=d3b6bfa143a23b79&fccid=fd3e5b9fc7b91d7c&vjs=3,"0 - 2 years of financial/data analysis experienceCurrently pursuing a bachelor’s degree in Accounting, Finance, Economics, Statistics, Business Management, and/or equivalent degreeMinimum GPA of 3.0 or aboveExceptional analytical and quantitative problem-solving skills.Displays strong leadership qualities with the ability to drive projects from conception to completion.Experience working with Excel including Pivot Tables, V-Look Ups, and other key functions is preferredRecognizes the importance of being a team player by adapting to changing project needs.Effective communication (both oral and written), organization and interpersonal skills.Attention to detail with the ability to recognize discrepanciesMust be able to freely access all parts of a construction site in wide-ranging climates and environmentsAbility to work in the United States without sponsorship, both now and in the futureMust have a valid Driver’s LicensePrevious internship experience is preferred "
137,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=73b0fa5e3c3a77bf&fccid=f2d0ffe36bb2f0f4&vjs=3,"Job Summary: WHO ARE WE? Live Nation Entertainment is the world’s leading live entertainment company, comprised of global market leaders: Ticketmaster, Live Nation Concerts, and Live Nation Media & Sponsorship. Ticketmaster is the global leader in event ticketing with over 500 million tickets sold annually and more than 12,000 clients worldwide. Live Nation Concerts is the largest provider of live entertainment in the world promoting more than 40,000 shows and 100+ festivals annually for nearly 4,000 artists in over 40 countries. These businesses allow Live Nation Media & Sponsorship to create strategic music marketing programs that connect over 1,000 brands with the 98 million fans that attend Live Nation Entertainment events each year. For additional information, visit www.livenationentertainment.com. WHO ARE YOU? Passionate and motivated. Driven, with an entrepreneurial spirit. Resourceful, innovative, forward thinking and committed. At Live Nation Entertainment, our people embrace these qualities, so if this sounds like you then please read on! WHAT THE ROLE WILL DO Assist with the process of accounting for leases Assist with the implementation of new accounting pronouncements that impact lease accounting or other topics as needed Assist with providing training on new accounting literature, primarily for lease accounting and the lease accounting software (Costar) for divisional finance Provide guidance to local accountants on complex technical accounting issues, primarily for lease accounting Review contracts to identify leases that are in scope of ASC Topic 842 Leases. Identify significant terms in lease agreements and input lease data into lease accounting software (CoStar) Prepare lease accounting journal entries on a monthly basis Prepare various internal and external reporting schedules, including account analysis, monthly reconciliations and quarterly schedules for lease disclosure in Forms 10-Q and 10-K Ensure compliance with SOX controls primarily related to lease accounting. Perform the periodic quantitative and/or qualitative impairment assessment of certain indefinite-lived intangible assets Perform the assessment of impairment of long-lived assets Prepare the quarterly and annual going concern assessments Prepare the quarterly convertible debt assessment Prepare the quarterly interest rate swap entry and disclosure for Forms 10-Q and 10-K Provide other recurring and ad hoc analysis and technical research as required by management WHAT THIS PERSON WILL BRING: Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting Three to five years accounting experience Technical accounting and/or public accounting experience a plus Strong written and verbal communication skills Multi-task oriented Strong organization skills Oracle and Costar experience a plus If the above description sounds like you and fits your background, apply online at www.livenationentertainment.com/careers to join the Live Nation Entertainment team today! Applicants for employment in the U.S. must possess work authorization which does not require sponsorship by the employer for a visa. BENEFITS & PERKS - Our motto is ‘Taking Care of Our Own’ through 6 pillars of benefits: HEALTH: Medical, Dental and Vision benefits for you and your family, including Flexible Spending Accounts (FSA) and Health Savings Accounts (HSAs) YOURSELF: Paid time off policy including holidays, sick time and day off for your birthday, free concert tickets WEALTH: 401(k) program with company match, Stock Program Reimbursement FAMILY: New parent programs & support including caregiver leave and baby bonus, infertility support CAREER: Tuition reimbursement, student loan repayment internal growth and development programs & trainings OTHERS: Volunteer time off, crowdfunding network EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY We are passionate and committed to our people and go beyond the rhetoric of diversity and inclusion. You will be working in an inclusive environment and be encouraged to bring your whole self to work. We will do all that we can to help you successfully balance your work and homelife. As a growing business we will encourage you to develop your professional and personal aspirations, enjoy new experiences, and learn from the talented people you will be working with. It’s talent that matters to us and we encourage applications from people irrespective of their gender, race, sexual orientation, religion, age, disability status or caring responsibilities. Live Nation strongly supports equal employment opportunity for all applicants regardless of age (40 and over), ancestry, color, religious creed (including religious dress and grooming practices), family and medical care leave or the denial of family and medical care leave, mental or physical disability (including HIV and AIDS), marital status, domestic partner status, medical condition (including cancer and genetic characteristics), genetic information, military and veteran status, political affiliation, national origin (including language use restrictions), citizenship, race, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth or breastfeeding), gender, gender identity, and gender expression, sexual orientation, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state or local law, rule, ordinance or regulation. We will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinance, San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the California Fair Chance Act and consistent with other similar and / or applicable laws in other areas. We also afford equal employment opportunities to qualified individuals with a disability. For this reason, Live Nation will make reasonable accommodations for the known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified individual with a disability who is an applicant consistent with its legal obligations to do so, including reasonable accommodations related to pregnancy in accordance with applicable local, state and / or federal law. As part of its commitment to make reasonable accommodations, Live Nation also wishes to participate in a timely, good faith, interactive process with a disabled applicant to determine effective reasonable accommodations, if any, which can be made in response to a request for accommodations. Applicants are invited to identify reasonable accommodations that can be made to assist them to perform the essential functions of the position they seek. Any applicant who requires an accommodation in order to perform the essential functions of the job should contact a Human Resources Representative to request the opportunity to participate in a timely interactive process. Live Nation will also provide reasonable religious accommodations on a case by case basis. HIRING PRACTICES The preceding job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Live Nation recruitment policies are designed to place the most highly qualified persons available in a timely and efficient manner. Live Nation may pursue all avenues available, including promotion from within, employee referrals, outside advertising, employment agencies, internet recruiting, job fairs, college recruiting and search firms."
138,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=4d735c4eab64a9e6&fccid=a587b5d5d0314e22&vjs=3,Key Skill 
139,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=0da990c0ee1d304b&fccid=1b866506aec22461&vjs=3,"Unique mastery and recognized authority on relevant subject matter knowledge including technologies, theories and techniques. Contributes to the development of innovative principles and ideas. Successfully operates in the most complex disciplines, in which the company must operate to be successful. Provides highly innovative solutions. Leads large, cross-division functional teams or projects that affect the organization?s long-term goals and objectives. May participate in cross-division, multi-function teams. Provides mentoring and guidance to lower level employees. Routinely exercises independent judgment in developing methods, techniques and criteria for achieving objectives. Develops strategy and sets functional policy and direction. Acts as a functional manager within area of expertise but does not manage other employees as a primary job function. Responsibilities: Provides the most complex financial analysis for a financial function or a business, typically exercising a unique understanding of the business to determine the best method for achieving objectives. Consults with business leaders to guide and influence long- term and strategic decision-making within the broadest scope. Forecasts financial results within the broadest scope. Leads and advises on the most complex business initiatives, typically leading several analysts across multiple areas within finance and across geographies/organizations. Drives process improvement and policy development initiatives that impact the function globally. Represents the business unit during cross-regional or cross- functional planning processes. Provides mentoring and guidance to analysts. Education and Experience Required: First level university degree with a focus in business or economics; advanced degree or accounting certification (e.g., CPA, MBA) strongly preferred. Typically 10+ years of experience as a financial analyst. Typically experienced in a variety of finance functions. Knowledge and Skills: Excellent understanding of accounting principles and financial analysis. Excellent analytical skills. Superior business application skills (e.g., Microsoft Excel). Superior communication and influencing skills. Superior teamwork skills Excellent business acumen. Excellent project management skills. About HP   You’re out to reimagine and reinvent what’s possible—in your career as well as the world around you.  So are we. We love taking on tough challenges, disrupting the status quo, and creating what’s next. We’re in search of talented people who are inspired by big challenges, driven to learn and grow, and dedicated to making a meaningful difference.   HP is a technology company that operates in more than 170 countries around the world united in creating technology that makes life better for everyone, everywhere.   Our history: HP’s commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion – it's just who we are.  From the boardroom to factory floor, we create a culture where everyone is respected and where people can be themselves, while being a part of something bigger than themselves. We celebrate the notion that you can belong at HP and bring your authentic self to work each and every day. When you do that, you’re more innovative and that helps grow our bottom line. Come to HP and thrive!"
140,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=934405e44d615ec8&fccid=ae20af26677cbcd0&vjs=3,
141,Houston,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=0a95cedb3f0fbe46&fccid=8765a4045377753a&vjs=3,
142,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BHspSquqFaDCa6imeL1mY1ttej2sX5KqltK8K2uzNJszGdECFcOmKlerLsACqp4wxDQ3hV2FIUAvUW429XfJuQ_C3inwG4FKyn3flRRahySSRr5BCEIhki7-kA-gOaRnCDj_D_xi54vie0T8-_n3Wctrv9DPQIclyn4g0yNp2W9fQcBJiV_6WMO_9uyVLD5toDfYCcMquKwG7t_K5pMf2M5ne3ZhAqbpBHgk2AcN1KSu-z3dJU2UoXoFAb3QSKQKju9sTC3ADe_RpabgZ3CCESXG0OQSzBB_EHN4YuGg59d7oS7k8vZ8aK_aB-DDPHgSDnrCSPc3dqjA1pG55pxkV87al1sgmpVwFelFZRw6Z3xxx5y2qoKDWp5OPnsEJMT-RMbo0QnHx4adrtRmD1TALzRNTP_aZWrpUMepXSgb6-blXRr11EaiQtQY0KofoHrrSoojF9Ml2gKL007_wfBLLoh-7m8e7yghpB4fnOWzGHxKUgy6EWP9_N&p=0&fvj=1&vjs=3,"*Security Clearance Eligibility Requirement: Must be a U.S. citizen. Applicant must have a current ACTIVE SECRET or be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance by the US Government which requires a FULL background security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. *Company DescriptionArtemis Consulting, LLC is a boutique consulting firm that was established in December 2005. We are dedicated to providing Financial Management, Program Management, Acquisition Management, and Administrative support consulting services to government clients. We are in San Diego, CA and currently provide consulting support to the Department of Defense (DoD), Navy, and Naval Information Warfare Systems Command (NAVWAR) clients. Our consultants work directly with government clients to support a common goal of efficiently bringing technology and communications systems to the Navy Fleet.  We analyze and support complex business and acquisition processes, develop innovative products, employ process efficiencies, and tailor solutions to meet our client’s requirements. Our consultants are our greatest assets, and we are looking for intelligent, hard-working, creative, and enthusiastic candidates to join our team. For more information, please visit our website: www.consultartemis.com.We are currently seeking a Junior Financial Management Analyst/Consultant to support Program Executive Office for Command, Control, Communications, Computers and Intelligence (PEO C4I) / Navy, and Naval Information Warfare Systems Command (NAVWAR) Command clients in San Diego, CA. Our consultants work directly with government clients to support complex financial Planning, Programming, Budgeting, Execution (PPBE), and programmatic issues. The Junior Financial Management Analyst/ Consultant position requires a minimum of one-year previous professional experience and a desire to work in consulting and finance. This position will be working with a team of consultants, as well as independent direct tasking and communication with clients on a daily basis. Our financial management support covers a range of services, to include development of Department of Defense (DoD) budgets and execution of annual financial spend plan requirements. We are looking for candidates that are available to begin support immediately.This position will provide specialized experience in performing accounting and financial management support with management oversight/supervision. General accounting activities include account analysis/reconciliation, monthly variance analysis and analytics, financial tracking, reporting, budgeting and forecasting activities. This position is responsible for compiling and analyzing financial information and advising clients regarding key financial and operational issues.Junior Financial Management Analyst/Consultant responsibilities include:Financial systems data entry and maintenance - responsible for entering, extracting, manipulating and transferring/reporting data to/from multiple financial systemsProcess funding to vendors to include required financial data entry, execution actions, and trackingPrepares account reconciliations/analysis to ensure funding accuracy/consistency and conducts appropriate accounting research as neededExtracts and analyzes data from various internal systems (e.g. N-ERP); compiles and assembles relevant information into spreadsheets/reports/presentations; presents summaries and recommendationsPerforms financial analysis required to prepare and analyze accurate monthly execution performance reportsConducts financial modeling and monthly budgeting and forecastingResponds to requests for ad-hoc reports and variance analysis from customers in a timely and professional mannerDaily use of MS Excel and Access with application of special features, such as Pivot Tables and V LookupsJob Details:Position Type: Full Time, Salary position with Full BenefitsSalary Range: Dependent on level of experienceApproximate Hours per Week: 40 Travel Percentage: < 10% Travel Location: San Diego, CADesired Skills and ExperienceApplicants must demonstrate clear and effective communication, work well in a team environment, perform under pressure, and learn new processes, software, and financial systems quickly. Excel is used on a daily basis, so existing and demonstrated experience is required. Financial data visualization (i.e. Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, etc.) and Access database experience are also strongly desired. Experience with the Navy Enterprise Resource Planning (N-ERP) System is desired, but not required. We are looking for an energetic, intelligent, dedicated consultant to add to our team.Qualification Requirements:Bachelor's Degree from an Accredited College or UniversityAbility to obtain a SECRET Government Security Clearance, requires TS/SCI clearance when supporting TS/SCI programs/projectsAdvanced level experience using MS ExcelProficiency using MS Office Suite (PowerPoint, Access, Word, Outlook)(Desired) Experience using data visualization tools (Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, etc.)(Desired) One to three (1-3) years financial management and/or consulting experience(Desired) Basic experience in accounting, consulting, government finance, NAVWAR financial systems and the government planning, programming, budgeting, and execution process (PPBE)Characteristics Desired:Strong verbal and written communication skillsExceptional interpersonal and customer service skillsAttention to detail and accuracy of dataAbility to problem solve without guidanceAbility to multi-task Ability to work independently and within a team environmentWorks well in a fast-paced environmentPreferred qualifications also include previous experience in accounting, consulting, government finance, NAVWAR financial systems and the government planning, programming, budgeting, and execution process (PPBE)Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offVision insurancePhysical Setting:OfficeSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Microsoft Excel: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19"
143,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0DTgUjRiPyBKlSX9_1-bF8g0VmdFWR01QbGVs2fEvWW3Ret9oUcjBedYxUXUD6NwS7c0bJhjm7fcb1znTYRvEdtqeYLjqaB17a98eoPIqy756BklRuHxfAi_zKWzL0jamBjvuSV0Gv2fxuSnKF_fIyFW3qGG5necbqWI70cRzC6FsEnCcm9f2IHQMvFJnTaF_bxLepSr32HNb5m01eFvv6VHF1uErnodge-VsQU-kbU2iDUs6lmajadOcJiwC-tvpiejl87Qi4fDPYT9u8tHppj2XzHy6nT2GTOfCF66b70OsOquGndan_kT_B1OlR6kKhkPtHpky5b8fZkSwsOngOjSeYOAE6rcWO0_76yZkMmu3vOozLKpvZH5C46A4MBmMeoS2xaNfR-2mq55HzJNZF2ELh7-qWz3hyzQWc6DZCs8lNP3rM6g2KFwSa40olx55MoBYPHEuPg3l0VBsPhKLVCrCV0CQs78L4_rE_g6d5r_1Y-1Qj41WazT2omQer_ltI=&p=1&fvj=1&vjs=3,"JOB SUMMARYSupport the program finance function by managing the financial planning, analytics, and cost accounting associated with variousprojects.RESPONSIBILITIESReasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job.Responsible for more complex program assignment.Train new team members on processes and tasks.Plan and lead team trainings/meetings.Lead, maintain, and develop efficiencies for processes and proceduresMaintain and carry out the PFM Mentorship ProgramMentor assigned team member(s).Maintain the New Hire Binder.Analyzes cost and production data to communicate results to Program Managers and Vice Presidents.Recommends actions by analyzing and interpreting data and making comparative analyses; studying proposed changesin methods and production.Develops, reviews and tracks all program budget information ensuring contract compliance.Responsible for preparing and processing adjusting journal entries when necessary.Creates templates and spreadsheets as necessary to facilitate data collection and accurate data presentation.Produces monthly contract reimbursement claims for submission to contracting authority for payment of contract funds.Responsible for fiscal audit compliance and assisting in the preparation of audit responses.Responds to fiscal questions from program staff, Executive Management and contracting agency personnel.Develops and maintains effective liaison with assigned contract monitor and Division/Program personnelCoordinates with MHS Cash Management and funding agency personnel to ensure proper posting of cash receipts andtimely payment.Reconciles transactions by comparing and correcting data.Comply with all MHS and program rules, policies and procedures including HIPAA standards.*QUALIFICATIONS*A minimum of 3 years of financial analysis and/or accounting experience.A Bachelor's degree in Finance, Accounting, or related field.Advanced MS Excel skills, including experience with lookup functions, pivot tables, and macros.Basic knowledge of Accounting Information Systems, preferably MS Great Plains.Advanced MS Windows-based operating system skills.Excellent verbal and written communication skills.Very organized, with ability to manage various subsequent projects in a fast-paced environment.Fundamental knowledge of GAAP and the main elements and drivers of the income statement, balance sheet, andstatement of cash flows.Ability to problem solve and react appropriately to emergency situationsAbility to work independently and effectively collaborate with a teamSALARY: $65 to $70k/ANNUALLYEqual Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with DisabilitiesThe contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)Job Type: Full-time"
144,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1365345f9e753426&fccid=20fb1b6c4a720741&vjs=3,"JOB INFORMATION Under the direction of the Director of the Department of Finance, Finance Analyst III positions perform the most difficult and responsible budgetary and accounting tasks; review, develop and prepare the Citywide budget and monitoring reports; perform accounting work of a highly complex or sensitive nature, including maintenance of budgetary, revenue, cost and other financial records; process accounts payable and/or payroll; assist in training and leading the work of other professional staff; lead and/or supervise the work of subprofessional and/or clerical staff; plan, analyze and install modifications in financial systems; monitor, recommend and implement internal controls related to financial reporting; and perform other duties as assigned. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS You must meet the following requirements on the date you apply, unless otherwise indicated.  EDUCATION: Bachelor's Degree or equivalent education (i.e., minimum completed units = 120 semester/180 quarter).   NOTE: Additional qualifying professional experience may be substituted for education lacked on a year-for-year basis. One year of full-time experience = 30 semester/45 quarter college-level units.  EXPERIENCE: Three years of full-time professional-level experience in accounting and/or developing, administering, and analyzing budgets. Qualifying experience may include collecting and analyzing financial data for one or more of the following purposes: to make financial or economic projections; research to develop or justify budgets and/or long term financial plans; to prepare financial statements; to reconcile and balance accounts; and/or provide information for policy, internal financial control recommendations or business decisions.   NOTES: A Master's Degree in Accounting, Business Administration, Economics, Finance, Management, Public Administration or a closely related field of study may be substituted for a MAXIMUM of one year of the required experience. Possession of a Certified Public Accountant (CPA) License or successful completion of all parts of the written test for the CPA License may be substituted for a MAXIMUM of one year of the required experience. City of San Diego employees using Out-of-Class Assignment (OCA) experience to qualify must submit written documentation signed by their appointing authority or payroll specialist, detailing the work performed, dates, and total number of qualifying OCA hours. OCA experience without the required documentation will NOT be considered. LICENSE: A valid California Class C Driver License may be required at the time of hire.  REQUIRED DOCUMENTS (MUST SUBMIT WITH APPLICATION): Proof of degree/transcripts, if utilized to meet the minimum requirements. Proof of CPA License or successful completion of all parts of the written test for the CPA License, if utilized to meet the minimum requirements. For City of San Diego employees, proof of Out-of-Class Assignment (OCA), if utilized to meet the minimum requirements. Required documents should be attached electronically to your application. If you are unable to attach at the time of application submittal, you must submit them as soon as possible via fax: (619) 533-3337; or to the Employment Information Center: City of San Diego Personnel Department, 1200 Third Avenue - Suite 300, San Diego, CA 92101. Include your name and the title of the position for which you are applying.  SCREENING PROCESS Please ensure all information is complete and accurate as the responses you provide on the supplemental questions will be reviewed using an automated evaluation system. If you are successful in this initial screening process, your application will be reviewed for applicable education, experience, and/or training to ensure all minimum requirements have been met. Successful candidates will be placed on a list which will be used to fill position vacancies during the next six months (180 days). For each vacancy, only those candidates with the most appropriate qualifications will be contacted by the hiring department for an interview. SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION PRE-EMPLOYMENT REQUIREMENTS: Employment offers are conditional pending the results of all screening processes that are applicable to this job, which may include but are not limited to the following: Confirmation of citizenship/legal right to work in the United States; completion of a pre-employment medical review/exam (which may include drug/alcohol testing); reference checks; and a fingerprint check. The fingerprints will be submitted to the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the California Department of Justice for a conviction record report. Certain positions may require additional screening processes which may include a polygraph examination and/or background investigation. All of these processes must be successfully completed before employment begins. A positive test for alcohol, illegal drugs, including marijuana, or inadequately explained prescription drugs, misrepresentation, falsification, or omission of pertinent facts in any step of the screening/selection process may be cause for disqualification and/or termination of employment. Nothing in this job posting constitutes an expressed or implied contract for employment with the City of San Diego. Applicants must notify the Personnel Department of any changes in their name, address (home, email), or phone number or they may miss employment opportunities. Rev. 5 - August 6, 2021 (New Recruitment Date) City employees may be eligible to participate in a benefit program including holidays, vacations, savings and retirement plans, health programs, and other benefits.   Eligible City employees initially hired or assuming office on or after July 10, 2021, with the exception of Police Recruits participating in the City’s Police Academy, will participate in the City’s Defined Benefit Plan administered by the San Diego City Employees’ Retirement System (SDCERS).  Benefits may change due to employer-employee contract negotiations.  Flexible Benefits Plan Options for Employees Represented by Municipal Employees Associate (MEA)"
145,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=09e6546fdcdba4a9&fccid=2c0c38e73a2f8960&vjs=3,"A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits. Review our benefits Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered."
146,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=51231c44428f5524&fccid=10b5a4abcc6bf067&vjs=3, 
147,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=d74733704bd7c001&fccid=750bb2e27e97e3c1&vjs=3," Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, legally protected physical or mental disability, covered veteran status, status in the U.S. uniformed services, sexual orientation, marital status, genetic information or membership in any other legally protected category.  Reasonable Accommodation Notice Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.  We sincerely appreciate the time and effort you spent in contacting us and we thank you for your interest in PlayStation.  PRIVACY NOTICE TO SIE LLC'S JOB APPLICANTS  This Privacy Notice explains what personal information we at Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC collect from you, and why we collect it and use it. This Notice covers our practices regarding the personal information of all applicants to our job positions. Please review it carefully.  Categories of personal information we collect from you  We collect personal information about you throughout the recruiting process, in particular the following categories. Generally, we obtain this information through our Recruiting Team:  A. Identification and contact information  Direct identifiers such as your first and last name. Indirect identifiers such as a government ID, your Social Security, work permit or passport #. Contact information such as your email address, mailing address, telephone number.  B. Other information about you or that can be associated with you such as:  Sensitive/Protected Data. During the recruitment process, you may (voluntarily) provide us with your ethnicity, gender, military service information, or physical or mental health information, as well as your national origin and citizenship. Professional or job position-related information, including your past professional experience, references; background verification; talent management and assessment; information regarding any conflicts of interests; and the terms and conditions of your job offer. Non-public education information, including information about your education records, such as grades and transcripts."
148,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=258cfe45ac7c0b8c&fccid=938c68fc89db4b9d&vjs=3,"Position Summary  The Center for Inclusive Excellence elevates, celebrates, and supports the diverse faculty and staff of San Diego State through professional learning, community building, advocacy, policy recommendations, and organizational structures. We aim to foster an affirming campus culture based on the core values of excellence, equity, diversity, belonging, and inclusion through the recruitment of faculty and staff who are reflective of the diverse students and communities served by SDSU; fostering an environment of inclusion for faculty and staff from underrepresented groups; enhancing the career pathways of faculty and staff from underrepresented groups, and cultivating relationships with the local community that advance the well-being of diverse individuals and communities.  The Equity Analyst in collaboration with, and under the direction of, the Associate Vice President of Faculty and Staff Diversity, will be responsible for supporting the development of benchmarks, assessments, and reporting structures to improve the efficacy of diversity-related programming and equity-minded practices across the campus. The analyst will also support the implementation of diversity planning by providing data that can support the university and departmental-level collective sense-making. The Equity Analyst will also support the oversight of campus climate assessments in collaboration with Analytic Studies and other relevant offices.  For more information regarding the Center for Inclusive Excellence click here.  This is a full-time (1.0 time-base) benefits-eligible, permanent (probationary) position. This position is designated non-exempt under FLSA and is eligible for overtime compensation. Standard SDSU work hours are Monday – Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., but may vary based on operational needs.  Education and Experience  Entry to this classification requires general knowledge and skills in the applicable administrative and/or program field with a foundational knowledge of public administration principles, practices, and methods. This foundation would normally be obtained through a bachelor's degree and/or equivalent training and administrative work experience involving study, analysis, and/or evaluation leading to the development or improvement of administrative policies, procedures, practices, or programs.  Preferred Qualifications  Advanced degree in a related area, with coursework in social science methods, education, psychology, evaluation or research, and survey design Experience with Qualtrics; SPSS or other statistical software Specialized Skills  Has expertise or demonstrated commitment to developing expertise in inclusive and cross-cultural communication Proven knowledge of diversity and social justice issues including but not limited to: race, ethnicity, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, religious, and class background Strong and demonstrated ability to provide leadership in addressing complex and sensitive problems with tact and diplomacy Strong skills in analyzing, researching, and synthesizing large amounts of data for preparing sound and relevant proposals/analyses Excellent organizational skills, with the ability to gather, organize and perform analysis related to organizational structure, systems, practices, and policies  Compensation and Benefits  Starting salary upon appointment not expected to exceed $4,693 per month. CSU Classification Salary Range: $4,693 - $8,489 per month. Salary placement is determined by the education, experience, and qualifications the candidate brings to the position, internal equity, and the hiring department’s fiscal resources.  San Diego State University offers a rich benefits package that constitutes a major portion of total compensation. For more information regarding SDSU benefits, please click here.  Supplemental Information  Initial review of the required application materials, including cover letters and resumes, will begin on July 6, 2021. To receive full consideration, apply by July 5, 2021. The position will remain open until filled.  The person holding this position is considered a ‘mandated reporter’ under the California Child Abuse and Neglect Reporting Act and is required to comply with the requirements set forth in CSU Executive Order 1083 as a condition of employment.  San Diego State University is not a sponsoring agency for staff or management positions (e.g., H-1B visa). Applicants must currently be authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis. Offers of employment are contingent upon the presentation of documents that demonstrate a person's identity and authorization to work in the United States, which are consistent with the provisions of the Immigration Reform and Control Act.  A background check (including a criminal records check) must be completed satisfactorily before any candidate can be offered a position with the CSU. Failure to satisfactorily complete the background check may affect the application status of applicants or continued employment of current CSU employees who apply for the position.  SDSU is a smoke-free campus. For more information, please click here.  SDSU is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate against persons on the basis of race, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity and expression, marital status, age, disability, pregnancy, medical condition, or covered veteran status.  Applicants with disabilities and applicants who require assistance completing an application may contact Jasleen Aguilar at 619-594-9392 or jyaguilar@sdsu.edu."
149,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=672c4beb743bf74a&fccid=9ab34f33aa6cd3a9&vjs=3,"Job Description The Analyst / Clerk of Accounting will perform activities to support the Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable, Payroll and General Accounting functions. The Analyst/Clerk will participate in the development and processes of accurate reports and account management.  What will I be doing? The Analyst / Clerk of Accounting will perform activities to support the Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable, Payroll and General Accounting functions. The Analyst/Clerk will participate in the development and processes of accurate reports and account management. In addition to performance, this position may be required to perform a combination of the following supportive functions, with the percentage of time performing each function to be solely determined by the supervisor based upon the particular requirements of the company. Perform applicable retained Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable, Payroll and General Accounting functions Prepare and audit daily billings/receivables from event contracts. Audit banquet checks vs POS system daily. Respond to guest inquiries, charge inquiries and requests in a timely, friendly and efficient manner to support continuing effort to deliver outstanding guest service and financial profitability Collaborate with SSCs and service provider, as well as partner with SSC to resolve disputes Participate in the production of monthly accounts as directed Complete month-end responsibilities Execute internal control over revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities of the hotel Participate in special projects, team training and development Perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned or required Reports results to others and aids others to understand financial matters Develops and maintains constructive and cooperative working relationships with other finance departments and corporate departments they support Collaborates with manager to establish specific goals and plans to prioritize, organize and accomplish project/department goals Attends staff meetings pertinent to work assignments Researches and responds to information requests from internal departments and management Act in accordance with fire, health and safety regulations on property and follow the correct procedures when required  What are we looking for? Since being founded in 1919, Hilton has been a leader in the hospitality industry. Today, Hilton remains a beacon of innovation, quality, and success. This continued leadership is the result of our Team Members staying true to our Vision, Mission, and Values. Specifically, we look for demonstration of these Values: Hospitality - We're passionate about delivering exceptional guest experiences. Integrity - We do the right thing, all the time. Leadership - We're leaders in our industry and in our communities. Teamwork - We're team players in everything we do. Ownership - We're the owners of our actions and decisions. Now - We operate with a sense of urgency and discipline  In addition, we look for the demonstration of the following key attributes: Quality Productivity Dependability Customer Focus Adaptability  What will it be like to work for Hilton? Hilton is the leading global hospitality company, spanning the lodging sector from luxurious full-service hotels and resorts to extended-stay suites and mid-priced hotels. For nearly a century, Hilton has offered business and leisure travelers the finest in accommodations, service, amenities and value. Hilton is dedicated to continuing its tradition of providing exceptional guest experiences across its global brands. Our vision “to fill the earth with the light and warmth of hospitality” unites us as a team to create remarkable hospitality experiences around the world every day. And, our amazing Team Members are at the heart of it all!"
150,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=3b9fcb5de6022071&fccid=c9b9e477b3c84b4d&vjs=3,"Posted 04-Aug-2021 Service line Advisory Segment Role type Full-time Location(s) San Diego - California - United States of America JOB SUMMARY  Working under close supervision, conducts and documents simple to moderate standard financial analysis and ad hoc finance projects. Aids organization with financial functions, such as assessing, auditing, planning, budgeting, taxes, consolidation, cost control, and project control.  ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES  Evaluates and analyzes a variety of financial results and indicators such as capital expenditures, depreciation, proposals, investment opportunities, rate of return, profit plans, operating records, financial statements, etc. Recommends actions that may be taken to improve financial results.  Compiles budgetary and fiscal data received from assigned departments to prepare revenue balance statements and historical comparisons of departmental expenditures with requested appropriations.  Analyzes records of present and past operations, trends and costs, estimated and realized revenues, administrative commitments, and obligations incurred to project future revenues and expenses.  Assists in preparation of special studies, analyses, and recommendations in areas such as budgets, forecasts, financial plans, governmental requirements, statistical reports, and business forecasts.  Retrieves and organizes data into required reporting formats to provide a basis for comparison and evaluation.  Prepares reports analyzing specific aspects of department structures, functions and operational procedures and recommends ways to improve efficiency and/or effectiveness.  Performs other duties as assigned.  SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES  No formal supervisory responsibilities in this position. Provides informal assistance such as technical guidance, and/or training to co-workers. May coordinate and assign tasks to co-workers within a work unit and/or project.   QUALIFICATIONS  To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.   Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.    EDUCATION and EXPERIENCE  Bachelor's degree (BA/BS) from a four-year college or university in a business related field. Some prior related work experience preferred but not required.  CERTIFICATES and/or LICENSES  None.  COMMUNICATION SKILLS  Strong written and verbal communication skills. Ability to provide efficient, timely, reliable and courteous service to customers. Ability to effectively present information to supervisors and finance management.  FINANCIAL KNOWLEDGE  Requires knowledge of basic financial terms, concepts and accounting principles.    REASONING ABILITY  Ability to comprehend, analyze, and interpret financial information and the ability to accurately explain/report activity in verbal and written communications. Requires intermediate analytical skills.  OTHER SKILLS and ABILITIES  Computer skills, including specific knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, Word, Outlook, PowerPoint, etc.). Strong work ethic and adaptable.    SCOPE OF RESPONSIBILITY  Decisions made with understanding of procedures and company policies to achieve set results and deadlines. Responsible for setting own project deadlines. Errors in judgment may cause short-term impact to co-workers and supervisor."
151,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=c3c093929ff02cc1&fccid=37cef4caaab26e6f&vjs=3,"Job Title: Financial Analyst Job Location: Coronado, CA. Salary: Competitive, Depends on Qualifications Clearance: Secret   Purpose: The primary purpose and responsibly of the Fund Distribution Financial Analyst are to assist government employees with the full scope of appropriated funds; budget, distribution, control, and reporting for Naval Special Warfare (NSW) enterprise.   Responsibilities (include but not limited to): Conduct actuate data entry into official financial systems, internal trackers, and other required documents or systems related to accomplish the assigned tasks. Construct financial string of data to establish appropriate financial information pointers within the official accounting system via official templates provided by system owners. Extract data, daily, from official financial systems and internal trackers to collect and compare. Ensure all financial data comply to the USSOCOM DFAS 7097 report. Ensure provide record maintenance is adhered too, by saving all official documents to the Share Drive, SharePoint, or uploaded to the proper system (e.g. HP TRIM, SIPR, NIPR). Conduct reconciliation of any imbalance of financial systems and trackers. The contractor shall provide N711 Funds Control status updates, until complete, on any reconciliation conducted. Adhere to all classification marking on established and draft documents. Provide other assistance in direct or indirect support of accomplishing Data Entry, Extraction, Maintenance, and Reconciliation requirement.. Trend and Forecast Analysis Conduct trend analysis by gathering, collecting, and comparing historical data. This collection data will be used to compare funds distribution history and trends, and historical trends. Store data gathered, collected, and compared on NSW provided N71 Share Drive and/or SharePoint (NIPR or SIPR). Convert all gathered, collected, and compared into information that will aid in decision making my NSW management. Provide forecast and projection on the applicable data gathered, collected, and compared. Provide recommendations or keynotes pertaining to the trend analysis and/or forecast analysis. Provide other assistance in direct or indirect support of accomplishing Trend and Forecast Analysis requirement.   Financial Reporting Provide daily financial status reports to the N711 Funds Control. Provide start and middle of month Oversea Contingency Operation (OCO) execution reports to N711 Funds Control. Provide start and middle of month Exercise report to N711 Funds Control. Provide start and middle of month Military Construction and Procurement reports to N711 Funds Control. Aid N711 Funds Control on other financial reports and data calls as needed. Aid N71 Budget Department on other financial reports and data calls as needed. Provide narratives to updates and change in report statuses. Assist in making budgetary presentations to management, operating officials, and subordinate command financial personnel, representing N711 Funds Control to impart information and support recommendations. Assist in defending budgetary estimates, answering questions, and providing clarification. Assist in defending budgetary estimates, certified obligations, responding to “Request for Information” (RFI), and providing clarification as required. Provide other assistance in direct or indirect support of accomplishing Financial Reporting requirement.   Funds Distribution Review to concur or reject Funds Request via the N71 Budget Funds Request portal. Create business feeder system authority distribution document (e.g. CFMS-C Decision Sheets or FASTDATA RC Adjustments), route for approval, and generate. Create Funds Authorization Documents (FAD) within EFD then route for approval. Ensure funds are balance amongst all financial systems and tracker before the close of business, no later than, 1700PST. Follow distribution plans approved by N7 Comptroller, N71 Budget Officer, and N711 Funds Control Supervisor. Comply with DoD Financial Management Regulations. Provide other assistance in direct or indirect support of accomplishing Funds Distribution requirement. Desktop Procedure Documenting Document N711 Funds Control internal business process. Submit one completed draft to N711 Funds Control. Provide support on business process improvement projects it directly relates to Funds Distribution, Financial Reporting, Analysis, and Data   Requirements: General – Possess a valid state driver’s license. Be able to operate a Personal Computer (PC) with common/standard business software programs. Be proficient in Microsoft Office applications to include Word, Outlook, Excel, and PowerPoint. Be able to communicate clearly and effectively with others, both verbally and in writing. Enter data into multiple databases accurately. Possess a SECRET Security Clearance.   Job Specific Knowledge and Experience- Program/Project Management, SOF & Experience (desired) Level II Intermediate - a Bachelor’s Degree (Master’s Degree is preferred) in a related discipline and 10-years of experience in the field of work.   About Our Company:  As a Service Disabled, Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) we are a provider of Information Technology (IT) professional services, software solutions and professional development training. Our core competencies evolved from leveraging IT enablers for knowledge management with an emphasis on Web Based Knowledge Portals and Portal Services, Server/System Services, SharePoint Development and System Administration and SQL Server Services. Our capabilities have expanded to include software development, technical training support and field support services.  Guiding Principles Satisfy the customer - ""Exceed expectations"" Set the Example - ""Be out front"" Be Responsive - ""Timing is everything"" Persevere - ""Find a way""   Benefits PTP offers a comprehensive benefits program: Medical insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Supplemental benefits (Short Term Disability, Cancer & Accident). Employer-sponsored Basic Life & AD&D Insurance Employer-sponsored Long Term Disability Employer-sponsored Value Adds – FreshBenies 401(k) with matching   Holidays and Annual Leave 10 Paid Holidays 120 hours PTO accrual per year"
152,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=76a0ee2e016fd82b&fccid=8524239b088a6649&vjs=3,"Position Summary: The Financial Analyst will report to Illumina’s R&D Financial Planning & Analysis team located at corporate headquarters – San Diego, California. The successful candidate will support budget planning, forecasts, monthly operational/financial reviews and other ad hoc projects in support of the organization. The successful candidate will utilize strong business acumen, deep financial expertise and solid communication to become an effective partner at every level of the organization. Responsibilities: Provide modeling, analytics and general financial support to the Software and Informatics Development organization Facilitate preparation of financial analyses and ad hoc requests for stakeholders Establish and enforce policies and procedures amongst FP&A and Business Partners Support budget planning and forecasting process to minimize forecast exposure and enhance OpEx opportunities Support monthly/quarterly close process as it pertains to operating expense management, general ledger reviews and forecasting Interact with leadership to review actual results and variances to budgets and forecast Support R&D Business Partners in preparation for regional Quarterly Business Reviews and general financial reviews Help drive the greater R&D annual operating expense and budget planning process Extract and compile data and report out of enterprise systems including SAP and Cognos to be distributed to a wide audience ranging from the Finance team to Senior Management Gain a thorough understanding of the business segments, products and KPIs to provide support and reporting capabilities to the organization All listed tasks and responsibilities are deemed as essential functions to this position; however, business conditions may require reasonable accommodations for additional tasks and responsibilities. Requirements: 2-4 years total Finance experience, preferably in a high growth environment Fluent knowledge of the main elements and drivers of income statement, balance sheet and statement of cash flow Proven ability to evaluate and solve complex problems and understand the strategic implications of different business approaches Exceptional interpersonal soft skills, able to establish strong rapport and partnerships at all levels of the organization Superb written communication and project management skills Commitment to accuracy and quality while meeting multiple goals or deadlines Advanced expertise in Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint; Knowledge of Cognos TM1, SAP, and Tableau a plus Self-directed and able to work well in a team environment Exhibits clear leadership potential Experience/Education: Analysts at this level may become involved in elevated issues arising from daily activities. Applies functional expertise/knowledge to staff members. Will have developed key relationships with important customers and suppliers. Requires Bachelor's Degree in in Business Administration, Finance, Accounting or related field; or equivalent. At Illumina, we strive to foster a diverse and inclusive workplace by cultivating an environment in which everyone contributes to our mission. Built on a strong foundation, Illumina has always been rooted in openness, collaboration, and seeking alternative views and perspectives to propel innovation in genomics. We are proud to confirm a zero-net gap in pay, regardless of gender, ethnicity, or race. We also have several Employee Resource Groups (ERG) that deliver career development experiences, increase cultural awareness, and demonstrate our collective commitment to diversity and inclusion in the communities we live and work. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer committed to providing employment opportunity regardless of sex, race, creed, color, gender, religion, marital status, domestic partner status, age, national origin or ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, sexual orientation, pregnancy, military or veteran status, citizenship status, and genetic information. If you require accommodation to complete the application or interview process, please contact accommodations@illumina.com. To learn more, visit: https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf"
153,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=acb2d21b48d16085&fccid=dd616958bd9ddc12&vjs=3,"A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits. Review our benefits Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered."
154,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=59861a52af942b98&fccid=943df4dfeeeb9fc4&vjs=3,"POSITION DETAILS: Schedule: Days, 8-hour shifts  FTE: Full-Time, 80 hours per 2 week pay period  Location: Copley Campus  JOB SUMMARY: Performs complex analysis using modeling, forecasting, and statistical analysis methodologies. Collects and analyzes data to evaluate operational difficulties and makes recommendations to solve problems. Follows established modeling and evaluation processes to determine the effectiveness of current operational activities and to determine problem areas and develop solutions. Provides staff support for finance, business development, and other special projects.  MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelor's Degree Knowledge of effective organizational and management principles/techniques Knowledge of methods and techniques of data, financial, and process analyses Strong oral and written communication skills Proficiency with data processing and computer applications (including Excel and Word) Project management skills Basic accounting Area of study in Accounting, Finance, or Business Administration from an accredited graduate program  PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Master's Degree 3 years of experience Fundamentals of hospital organization, management techniques, TJC and Title 22 requirements"
155,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0D8crn-YM6x7IQoSNnEBoVgmt9RccLWLqLeBizUaTtDVuyIHDC0H4srq2fUwOJEHznVKZTfEmf9yVVOH3rvOSLC-fpnK32EiJROgcXX3IMczsOYUKSd2nbRYwkP7TNUdHuxI6om6JI6lNzlE8uhEn0NFhSX6hth7Pr6BqEtDScHKK75P2lf5pUUEFRNHbmpGWOa_xQbieo9uN9B6QOWIqAi34AhQiPVhMN52b_mCY20GEqiQMLFJZCWIiksqSK6MzGY8JCKiqjOX3m213jhS_TgQPQNfIwmYOPT0qu2ysBUh3KFm97SePffoaJkJc7WoBBXE0e88Cn5h5YWpBvLZ1R-WWvYena643Hb9t3VyKxS9YhG0Oy-iWhJh8p1U4Hpt66BXi9T9RU9_OawGb7uuG4GMQv95D4DmK9FTepPKFer-6j7yLgkqEYIHT-hGa27BN_mYZW7CeOxpZrc8AwIh_wpXPCoV8bES4FMu8jsdE0Io6SnKzZg4SdqDBo4emTMGkpSE6aHneOOIQaHkBnpFBnQWQGLpavymq2RD3dB26tkLA==&p=14&fvj=0&vjs=3,"A fast growing Real Estate company in San Diego, Ca is seeking a Financial Planning and Analysis Specialist to join their team. This position will be part of a large and well-established organization. We are seeking an individual who is strong in financial planning, analysis, and dealing with revenues and cost structures. This company offers work life balance, a great working environment and benefits. Apply today! Duties: Updating and maintaining the Argus property level models for all leasing and budgeting activities. Reconciling Argus back to the MRI accounting system to ensure the accuracy of the forecasting models. Support with the corporate budgeting process. Provide financial underwriting for new acquisitions by building cash flow models in Argus, analyzing investment returns in Excel, and evaluating the financial impact of various investment scenarios.  Requirements: Business Degree, preferably in Finance, Accounting, or Economics. 2 to 3 years of Real Estate industry related experience preferred. Experience with Argus Enterprise preferred. Experience in real estate financial modeling preferred. Complete understanding of basic financial concepts such as IRRs, NPVs, time value of money, etc  #ZR #LI-POST #hotjobs"
156,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=3b9fcb5de6022071&fccid=c9b9e477b3c84b4d&vjs=3,"Posted 04-Aug-2021 Service line Advisory Segment Role type Full-time Location(s) San Diego - California - United States of America JOB SUMMARY  Working under close supervision, conducts and documents simple to moderate standard financial analysis and ad hoc finance projects. Aids organization with financial functions, such as assessing, auditing, planning, budgeting, taxes, consolidation, cost control, and project control.  ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES  Evaluates and analyzes a variety of financial results and indicators such as capital expenditures, depreciation, proposals, investment opportunities, rate of return, profit plans, operating records, financial statements, etc. Recommends actions that may be taken to improve financial results.  Compiles budgetary and fiscal data received from assigned departments to prepare revenue balance statements and historical comparisons of departmental expenditures with requested appropriations.  Analyzes records of present and past operations, trends and costs, estimated and realized revenues, administrative commitments, and obligations incurred to project future revenues and expenses.  Assists in preparation of special studies, analyses, and recommendations in areas such as budgets, forecasts, financial plans, governmental requirements, statistical reports, and business forecasts.  Retrieves and organizes data into required reporting formats to provide a basis for comparison and evaluation.  Prepares reports analyzing specific aspects of department structures, functions and operational procedures and recommends ways to improve efficiency and/or effectiveness.  Performs other duties as assigned.  SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES  No formal supervisory responsibilities in this position. Provides informal assistance such as technical guidance, and/or training to co-workers. May coordinate and assign tasks to co-workers within a work unit and/or project.   QUALIFICATIONS  To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.   Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.    EDUCATION and EXPERIENCE  Bachelor's degree (BA/BS) from a four-year college or university in a business related field. Some prior related work experience preferred but not required.  CERTIFICATES and/or LICENSES  None.  COMMUNICATION SKILLS  Strong written and verbal communication skills. Ability to provide efficient, timely, reliable and courteous service to customers. Ability to effectively present information to supervisors and finance management.  FINANCIAL KNOWLEDGE  Requires knowledge of basic financial terms, concepts and accounting principles.    REASONING ABILITY  Ability to comprehend, analyze, and interpret financial information and the ability to accurately explain/report activity in verbal and written communications. Requires intermediate analytical skills.  OTHER SKILLS and ABILITIES  Computer skills, including specific knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, Word, Outlook, PowerPoint, etc.). Strong work ethic and adaptable.    SCOPE OF RESPONSIBILITY  Decisions made with understanding of procedures and company policies to achieve set results and deadlines. Responsible for setting own project deadlines. Errors in judgment may cause short-term impact to co-workers and supervisor."
157,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ad646970dd0465ac&fccid=0b573984d9046c5e&vjs=3,"Job Summary: The Financial Reporting Analyst reports to the Head of Financial Reporting/ Financial Reporting Manager and their responsibilities will include preparation of Company Financial Statements and assist in different task related with reporting and analyzing the financial process. Principal Duties and Responsibilities: Monthly and quarterly closing in SAP General Ledger Preparation and processing GL entries Maintenance of statutory accounts and year-end process Preparation of accurate and timely financial statements Execution of accounting policies and procedures Responsible for operational improvements to enhance control and data integrity Monitor financial performance Work with team members towards Company goals Collaborate and communicate across other North American entities Work closely with external auditors to ensure timely completion of year-end Independent Audit Required / Desired Knowledge, Experiences and Skills: 2+ years in Financial Reporting Knowledge of Financial Consolidation and Accounting Excellent computer skills, including advance knowledge of MS Office Excel, Word and Outlook Excellent interpersonal skills to interact positively with clients and professional staff Knowledge of SAP is an asset Excellent verbal and written communication skills Education/Certifications: Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting or Finance Physical Working Environment: While performing the duties of this job, the employee is required to stand; walk; sit for long periods of time; use of hands to grasp, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms; finger dexterity; talk; hear. The employee is occasionally required to climb or balance and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 10 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of employees so classified. Generali Global Assistance is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/Veteran"
158,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=960fa9a1d08fb681&fccid=8bee295d20b0b3f1&vjs=3,
159,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5a6493dfa8a1e641&fccid=3c2b3940a819d66c&vjs=3,"Position Summary: Financial Analyst who will provide forecasting and budgeting support for Cordoba’s client in San Diego County. Manage multiple budgets simultaneously. Works under direction of the project/program managers, and business unit managers or their appointees.  Essential Functions: Responsible for the preparation, coordination, and documentation of medium to complex level financial analysis projects. Prepares forecasts and analysis of trends, monitors budget execution, and variances across one or multiple projects. Identifies trends, anomalies and patterns in financial data and reports insight backed findings to various levels of management. Could be responsible for the management of project work orders and vendor contracts depending on the scope of the assigned project and support level requirements of the project manager. May conduct special financial and business-related studies and cooperates with other departments in the preparation of analyses Works under direction project/program managers, and business unit managers or their appointees.  Required Education, Skills, Training and Experience: Minimum 6 years of related experience. Bachelor’s degree in Finance or Accounting required Expert Excel and financial modeling abilities. 5+ years of financial systems experience. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Ability to multi-task and effectively prioritize conflicting deliverables. Ability to work both independently and within a team environment. Ability to pick up and drive tasks to completion under minimal supervision where required. Ability to drive projects within a matrixed company environment  This is not necessarily an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, skills, duties, requirements, efforts or working conditions associated with the job. While this is intended to be an accurate reflection of the job, management reserves the right to revise the job or to require that other different tasks be performed when circumstances change.  Our Company: Cordoba Corporation is a nationally recognized civil engineering, construction management, program management, and planning firm. We specialize in education and facilities, transportation, and water and energy. In collaboration with our clients, Cordoba has facilitated the development of several complex and highly visible infrastructure projects throughout California.  Our efforts have resulted in national recognition from Engineering News-Record as a “top 100 construction management firm” and a “top 50 program management firm”. We are proud to share that ENR has also recently recognized Cordoba in 2018 as a “top 100 design firm” in California.  Cordoba's business model has been commended for its efficiency, encouraging work dynamic, and its multifaceted approach toward projects. Many of our professionals have received praise in the media as leaders in their field of expertise.  We have established a statewide presence throughout California. Headquartered in Los Angeles, we also have offices located in San Francisco, Sacramento, San Ramon, Chatsworth, Santa Ana, and San Diego.  Cordoba Corporation provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, or genetics."
160,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=eb3d5b18bee7ac07&fccid=8075b9f4dc1ab1a4&vjs=3,"Overview:  Lincoln Military Housing – A company for Growth and Opportunity! Lincoln Military Housing was formed in 2001 through a Department of Defense (DoD) contract with parent company Lincoln Property Company. Our mission has always been to increase the quality of military housing for our nation's service men and women. Lincoln Military Housing now provides more than 36,000 family homes for military members across the US. Our Team Members are passionate about the work they do and take pride in our mission of providing our military families with exemplary service in a quality home environment. When you join Lincoln Military Housing, you will be working along side a team of talented and passionate individuals with unparalleled opportunities for personal and professional development and career growth. Every day with Lincoln Military Housing, you have the opportunity to make a difference in the lives of our service members and their families by demonstrating our core values of INTEGRITY, COMMUNICATION, EMPOWERMENT, RESPECT, BALANCE, and COMMITMENT. We take pride in serving those who serve us. NOW OFFERING A $1,000 NEW HIRE BONUS Expires August 31, 2021 At Lincoln Military Housing, we have a special motto: “Every mission begins at home.” But to make this a reality, it requires great people to craft amazing communities for our nation’s military families. We’re on the lookout for new team members, and to help in that mission, we’re offering new hire bonuses of up to $1,000. If you get hired, you’ll get an extra $500 after 30 days of employment. After 90 days, it’s another $500. Make our mission your new career mission. Apply with us today!  Responsibilities:  A Day in the Life of a Financial Analyst: As a Lincoln Military Housing Financial Analyst, you will provide research and formulation of responses to inquiries concerning budget comparisons and analyses on a monthly, quarterly and annual basis, and prepare ad-hoc analyses as needed. You will also collect and analyze financial data from budget submission to ensure accuracy and compliance and present budget recommendations for assigned portfolios in accordance with budgetary policy and management goals, create and analyze reports for identification of budgetary over or under expending or incorrect charges. Most importantly, you will make and submit recommendations or alternatives regarding changing fiscal or other programmatic circumstances. The position will require minimal travel as needed. Your Responsibilities include, but not limited to: Identify opportunities for financial advancements to include economies of scale and procurement. Provide analysis to guide and influence strategic decision making. Assessing the performance of financial statements - compare and contrast operational and financial efficiencies between each district. Run and analyze Satisfacts survey reports. Run and analyze water intrusion reports. Run and analyze work order reports and track trends. Run and analyze move in condition reports and track trends. Meet with Regional Team to go over trends. Track expenses by property and compare to similar properties. Run and analyze data as requested by RVP/RPM. Face to face meetings with District Manager and Regional Property Manager to go over trends. Run Satisfacts Exemplary Satisfaction contest reports and provide to RVP. Run DQ reports until Customer Care is in place. Run reports for RPM quarterly compliance surveys, complete sections of compliance survey and provide to RPMs. Analyze resident satisfaction survey reports - determine trends and areas of concern. Analyze financial performance by district with district/district comparisons. Attend financial review monthly meetings. Attend budget meetings. Support regional team in analyzing, troubleshooting, and completing annual property budgets. Update market surveys and performance trending reports with this information. Assist Regional Management team with property-level & portfolio-level operational strategies based on market research, to include historical market trending and performance forecasting. Assist Regional Management and Transitions team during Due Diligence process with unit inspections, lease-file auditing, and summarizing these findings. Qualifications:  What You Need for Success: Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including ability to effectively communicate with internal and external customers. Excellent computer proficiency (MS Office – Word, Excel and Outlook, Gmail and Google Docs). Yardi experience preferred but not required. Property management experience preferred. Ability to adapt to an ever-changing environment. Flexibility is important. Strong attention to detail is critical. Must be able to work under pressure and meet deadlines, while maintaining a positive attitude and providing exemplary customer service. Ability to work independently and to carry out assignments to completion within parameters of instructions given, prescribed routines, and standard accepted practices. Must also be able to work effectively with and in a team environment. Must be able to lift and carry up to 50 lbs. Must be able to talk, listen and speak clearly on telephone. Must be able to sit at a desk for extended periods. High school diploma or GED required. Associate degree preferred or minimum of four years accounting/office experience. Ability to travel to other regional locations for work, training, meetings and other work-related activities. What We Provide You: Lincoln offers a wide range of insurance options and benefit programs. Our benefits take into consideration everything from career development to family matters, health and wellness, and we are committed to doing everything we can to offer you quality benefits and healthcare coverage. In addition, we offer competitive compensation and generous paid time off."
161,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1901df66689ba44e&fccid=e697109faf0a28c7&vjs=3,
162,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ed353b3073fb0768&fccid=8bee295d20b0b3f1&vjs=3,
163,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8c2161a550584cb0&fccid=55917fb0c7c1fd89&vjs=3,"For nearly 50 years, Family Health Centers of San Diego (FHCSD) has provided affordable, high-quality health care and supportive services to all San Diegans. With more than 1,800 employees spread throughout 40 sites around the county, FHCSD is proud of the diversity of its staff as a reflection of the communities it serves. The reward of working at FHCSD is more than a paycheck and excellent benefits; it is the impact and contribution to the San Diego community that employees value most. If you are passionate about improving the overall health and livelihood of your community, FHCSD is looking for people like you. Job Description Summary: Family Health Centers of San Diego (FHCSD) is looking for a Financial Analyst to provide analytical support and performs audits and special projects that support a wide range of COVID-19 resources and recovery across FHCSD due to the significant impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the residents that FHCSD provides healthcare-related services. Responsibilities: Provides analytical support and performs audits and special projects that support a wide range of COVID-19 resources and recovery across FHCSD due to the significant impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the residents that FHCSD provides healthcare-related services. Assists in preparing and completing a variety of regular and ad-hoc reports and required filings. Verifies the accuracy of reports through review and analysis. Assists with and participates in internal and external audits. Assists with the preparation of weekly, monthly, and quarterly financial analysis schedules of actual vs. budget variances as well as with the preparation of detailed annual financial budget and monthly financial forecasts related to COVID-19 finances and program impacts. Records data and statistical information. Assists with reconciliations. Prepares, designs, and develops analysis and detailed reporting on financial measures, trends, and strategic business initiatives. Provides financial analysis support to various areas of the company, including analyzing and forecasting department-specific finances and program costs. Communicates effectively with both internal and external customers, following up on questions and discrepancies. Grant funded program. This position is funded through 03/31/2023; continuation of employment is dependent upon availability of and/or renewed funding. Performs other duties as assigned. Requirements: 4 years of experience in Accounting or Financial Analysis required; healthcare environment experience preferred. Bachelor's degree in Accounting or Finance required. Or equivalent combination of education and experience that provides the skills, knowledge, and ability to perform the essential job duties, and which meets any required state or federal certification requirements. Rewards: Job type: Regular Full Time Competitive Salary with Excellent Benefits Retirement Plan with Employer Match Paid Time Off, Extended Sick Leave and Paid Holidays Medical/Dental/Vision/FSA/Life Insurance Employee Discounts and Wellness Programs FHCSD was founded by community activists working towards a common goal: caring, affordable, high-quality medical care for all. We are proud to continue this mission today as we provide accessible services to over 210,000 patients across San Diego County. The successful candidate will have a demonstrated commitment to community medicine and providing culturally competent care to the medically underserved."
164,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=71e81b9f6be2e688&fccid=84571e9efa566d94&vjs=3,"Job Description: Continental Tide Defense Systems, Inc. (Continental Tide) is a privately held firm providing Engineering and Technical services to US NAVY, Coast Guard, and other Department of Defense Organizations. We are seeking a motivated, energetic individual for our Finance, Accounting and Contracts (FAC) Department. The successful candidate will join our FAC team currently executing Project Management, Engineering and Technical initiatives for Naval Sea Systems Command, United States Coast Guard, and Military Sealift Command. Requirements include: Candidates must possess 5+ years of relevant experience in job cost tracking and reporting Knowledge of Cost Accounting Standards fundamentals Prepare and analyze financial reports for projects, as assigned Work with Project Managers to identify financial issues on projects and assist with resolution Able to work independently or in a group Strong attention to detail Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite  Required Experience: Desired Characteristics: A bachelor’s degree in Finance and/or Accounting is preferred, but not required Excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to work well in a collaborative business environment with peers within the finance group as well as business developers and project teams. Knowledge of the FAR and agency supplements. Knowledge of various contracts types, relevant terms and conditions and policies governing assigned contracts. Assist with cost proposal responses for various contract types Strong analytical skills. From: Continental Tide Defense Systems, Inc."
165,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=df70253bbbc4d934&fccid=221084f68f849cf1&vjs=3,
166,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a5a7ba5777a892c7&fccid=7455773bace145da&vjs=3,
167,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=0c5d5e09d1ca8009&fccid=ccdeb46f4bd79af0&vjs=3,"Primary Duties Responsibilities include: Consolidate, analyze and report financial information including weekly EBITDA “Flash” reporting, recurring sales analysis, weekly KPIs, remodel performance, new store performance. Provide recurring updates to Senior Management on operations metrics, including monthly “Scorecard” report, schedule reporting, customer satisfaction reporting, and Board Deck schedules Produce monthly JVP (Regional Manager) presentations. Interact with all key company areas and levels to assist the Senior Analyst with annual budgets, and provide insight into variances. Maintain menu items database, and coordinate pricing with Franchisor. Benchmark company pricing to competitors and provide recommendations to the Sr. Financial Analyst on pricing opportunities or risks. Analyze food cost variances, usage impacts, commodity cost increases, and make recommendations to Sr. Management on savings opportunities. Meet with field for quarterly financial performance reviews with COO/JVP, identify areas of opportunity relative to peers (some travel required) Maintain various reference databases, including store closing tracker, customer comments via outback.com, school vacation schedule, market sales vs Knapp/Black Box, and Manager Tracker Ad hoc analysis on various operations and marketing initiatives Provides quality assurance on all major data sources including Check Detail cube, POSi DS1 tables, Restaurant Inventory Cubes, and all new data cubes, testing data for accuracy and drilling into variances from source data. Review critical accounts at month end closing and generate adjusting journal entries as needed to correct errors identified in review.   Outback Steakhouse is always looking for dedicated, fun-loving people to help make our restaurants a success. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. 2+ Years FP&A, restaurants preferred  Retail or hospitality experience required Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting or Finance required  Skills/Experience: Strong Excel Basic understanding of database structure and SQL Schedule Flexibility and Strong Communication skills to respond to Sr. Management on mission critical analysis requests including during holidays, weekends, and late nights as needed"
168,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=7c2f424cc243d620&fccid=5577c9be9a2691e3&vjs=3,
169,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=161c4e91c2f0f8e0&fccid=10b5a4abcc6bf067&vjs=3, 
170,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ed353b3073fb0768&fccid=8bee295d20b0b3f1&vjs=3,
171,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8c2161a550584cb0&fccid=55917fb0c7c1fd89&vjs=3,"For nearly 50 years, Family Health Centers of San Diego (FHCSD) has provided affordable, high-quality health care and supportive services to all San Diegans. With more than 1,800 employees spread throughout 40 sites around the county, FHCSD is proud of the diversity of its staff as a reflection of the communities it serves. The reward of working at FHCSD is more than a paycheck and excellent benefits; it is the impact and contribution to the San Diego community that employees value most. If you are passionate about improving the overall health and livelihood of your community, FHCSD is looking for people like you. Job Description Summary: Family Health Centers of San Diego (FHCSD) is looking for a Financial Analyst to provide analytical support and performs audits and special projects that support a wide range of COVID-19 resources and recovery across FHCSD due to the significant impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the residents that FHCSD provides healthcare-related services. Responsibilities: Provides analytical support and performs audits and special projects that support a wide range of COVID-19 resources and recovery across FHCSD due to the significant impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the residents that FHCSD provides healthcare-related services. Assists in preparing and completing a variety of regular and ad-hoc reports and required filings. Verifies the accuracy of reports through review and analysis. Assists with and participates in internal and external audits. Assists with the preparation of weekly, monthly, and quarterly financial analysis schedules of actual vs. budget variances as well as with the preparation of detailed annual financial budget and monthly financial forecasts related to COVID-19 finances and program impacts. Records data and statistical information. Assists with reconciliations. Prepares, designs, and develops analysis and detailed reporting on financial measures, trends, and strategic business initiatives. Provides financial analysis support to various areas of the company, including analyzing and forecasting department-specific finances and program costs. Communicates effectively with both internal and external customers, following up on questions and discrepancies. Grant funded program. This position is funded through 03/31/2023; continuation of employment is dependent upon availability of and/or renewed funding. Performs other duties as assigned. Requirements: 4 years of experience in Accounting or Financial Analysis required; healthcare environment experience preferred. Bachelor's degree in Accounting or Finance required. Or equivalent combination of education and experience that provides the skills, knowledge, and ability to perform the essential job duties, and which meets any required state or federal certification requirements. Rewards: Job type: Regular Full Time Competitive Salary with Excellent Benefits Retirement Plan with Employer Match Paid Time Off, Extended Sick Leave and Paid Holidays Medical/Dental/Vision/FSA/Life Insurance Employee Discounts and Wellness Programs FHCSD was founded by community activists working towards a common goal: caring, affordable, high-quality medical care for all. We are proud to continue this mission today as we provide accessible services to over 210,000 patients across San Diego County. The successful candidate will have a demonstrated commitment to community medicine and providing culturally competent care to the medically underserved."
172,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=6f7469399e354def&fccid=c178361bee046a35&vjs=3,"Financial Analyst Position Overview Arcturus is looking for a Financial Analyst to join our growing team. In this supporting role, you will collaborate with team members across the organization to provide operational, strategic and financial recommendations to drive the business. You will assist with budgeting and forecasting process/systems for both internal R&D programs and external partnerships. You will monitor performance indicators, highlight trends, analyze causes of unexpected variances and drive our internal financial planning processes. Responsibilities:Preparation and coordination of program costs and bill of materials, forecast updates and long-range financial planning and budgeting.Enter approved budget into budget/forecast tool Budget Maestro and assist in utilizing the tool to provide budget to actual reports.Support and manage budget and planning system including models/forecasts to identify operational drivers and cash flow throughout various phases of programs.Develop and prepare key business performance metrics.Maintain and update documentation of systems processes and internal controls. Ensure the proper implementation of controls in the areas of responsibility.Develop and prepare reports including monthly financial reports and supporting schedules on a timely basis.Prepare monthly / quarterly financial deliverables as needed.Assist accounting operations team during month-end close with related spend/accruals.Communicate effectively to management and outside parties, such as auditors.Performs other related duties as required or assigned. Qualifications:BA/BS degree in accounting or finance and 2-4+ yrs. experience working in finance and accounting.GAAP experience preferred.Strong Excel skills required. Experience with Sage Intacct accounting software is a plus.Ability to identify, analyze and resolve problems independently and with sound judgement.Ability to multitask and adjust to changing priorities to meet deadlines.Excellent verbal, written and presentation skills.Solid organizational skills, including the ability to manage time and coordinate multiple priorities"
173,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5050758157564f10&fccid=fea34c44eddebdae&vjs=3,
174,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=df70253bbbc4d934&fccid=221084f68f849cf1&vjs=3,
175,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=71e81b9f6be2e688&fccid=84571e9efa566d94&vjs=3,"Job Description: Continental Tide Defense Systems, Inc. (Continental Tide) is a privately held firm providing Engineering and Technical services to US NAVY, Coast Guard, and other Department of Defense Organizations. We are seeking a motivated, energetic individual for our Finance, Accounting and Contracts (FAC) Department. The successful candidate will join our FAC team currently executing Project Management, Engineering and Technical initiatives for Naval Sea Systems Command, United States Coast Guard, and Military Sealift Command. Requirements include: Candidates must possess 5+ years of relevant experience in job cost tracking and reporting Knowledge of Cost Accounting Standards fundamentals Prepare and analyze financial reports for projects, as assigned Work with Project Managers to identify financial issues on projects and assist with resolution Able to work independently or in a group Strong attention to detail Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite  Required Experience: Desired Characteristics: A bachelor’s degree in Finance and/or Accounting is preferred, but not required Excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to work well in a collaborative business environment with peers within the finance group as well as business developers and project teams. Knowledge of the FAR and agency supplements. Knowledge of various contracts types, relevant terms and conditions and policies governing assigned contracts. Assist with cost proposal responses for various contract types Strong analytical skills. From: Continental Tide Defense Systems, Inc."
176,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9a466d04eadf7627&fccid=7ec7352c91714aab&vjs=3,
177,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=960fa9a1d08fb681&fccid=8bee295d20b0b3f1&vjs=3,
178,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a5a7ba5777a892c7&fccid=7455773bace145da&vjs=3,
179,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=cb35c0e8a65af07d&fccid=dd616958bd9ddc12&vjs=3,"A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits. Review our benefits Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered."
180,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=633bdec20bc0dbe7&fccid=4e041af1d0af1bc8&vjs=3,
181,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0D8crn-YM6x7IQoSNnEBoVgmt9RccLWLqLeBizUaTtDVuyIHDC0H4srq2fUwOJEHznVKZTfEmf9yVVOH3rvOSLC-fpnK32EiJROgcXX3IMczsOYUKSd2nbRYwkP7TNUdHuxI6om6JI6lNzlE8uhEn0NFhSX6hth7Pr6BqEtDScHKE5OLwdkFjVUAlxKh69p3J8QEZxVfdgGmqXa83UV9FAzp67uxKFXDmAMH8DJKuO1gYggNB9SMIOk__un64iRJu58CXeUEXEFKqwl6PkryCSg_otBJ_IpME2iCxJl-FXDAFigyo-0_jr4oC4MYRY6yelkq7pnJkdTgpesK_8lvZqMh_XIZuqqYBtRtOmYyHHTwolGi_M2q6zXCM2wpWRYJ95k32q3y2VeTazdBxmz05NR4vkR4zV1_UA89FwtqyCg_f4mMWV3uHujGrXz74f2zhSgOpfL3DLC-icSXDeyO83Td12Xea32tKxR10jwsDFSOJvIFJbBoUzen1SFrPfe-hKHVwMipTFNsOXuk4BjPwEK8g9DaSy4osVn2peV2YCnWLE1IAoIfDCQ&p=11&fvj=0&vjs=3,"A fast growing Real Estate company in San Diego, Ca is seeking a Financial Planning and Analysis Specialist to join their team. This position will be part of a large and well-established organization. We are seeking an individual who is strong in financial planning, analysis, and dealing with revenues and cost structures. This company offers work life balance, a great working environment and benefits. Apply today! Duties: Updating and maintaining the Argus property level models for all leasing and budgeting activities. Reconciling Argus back to the MRI accounting system to ensure the accuracy of the forecasting models. Support with the corporate budgeting process. Provide financial underwriting for new acquisitions by building cash flow models in Argus, analyzing investment returns in Excel, and evaluating the financial impact of various investment scenarios.  Requirements: Business Degree, preferably in Finance, Accounting, or Economics. 2 to 3 years of Real Estate industry related experience preferred. Experience with Argus Enterprise preferred. Experience in real estate financial modeling preferred. Complete understanding of basic financial concepts such as IRRs, NPVs, time value of money, etc  #ZR #LI-POST #hotjobs"
182,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ad646970dd0465ac&fccid=0b573984d9046c5e&vjs=3,"Job Summary: The Financial Reporting Analyst reports to the Head of Financial Reporting/ Financial Reporting Manager and their responsibilities will include preparation of Company Financial Statements and assist in different task related with reporting and analyzing the financial process. Principal Duties and Responsibilities: Monthly and quarterly closing in SAP General Ledger Preparation and processing GL entries Maintenance of statutory accounts and year-end process Preparation of accurate and timely financial statements Execution of accounting policies and procedures Responsible for operational improvements to enhance control and data integrity Monitor financial performance Work with team members towards Company goals Collaborate and communicate across other North American entities Work closely with external auditors to ensure timely completion of year-end Independent Audit Required / Desired Knowledge, Experiences and Skills: 2+ years in Financial Reporting Knowledge of Financial Consolidation and Accounting Excellent computer skills, including advance knowledge of MS Office Excel, Word and Outlook Excellent interpersonal skills to interact positively with clients and professional staff Knowledge of SAP is an asset Excellent verbal and written communication skills Education/Certifications: Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting or Finance Physical Working Environment: While performing the duties of this job, the employee is required to stand; walk; sit for long periods of time; use of hands to grasp, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms; finger dexterity; talk; hear. The employee is occasionally required to climb or balance and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 10 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of employees so classified. Generali Global Assistance is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/Veteran"
183,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=7bcb8c044891d2eb&fccid=10b5a4abcc6bf067&vjs=3, 
184,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1901df66689ba44e&fccid=e697109faf0a28c7&vjs=3,
185,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=0e68421e4f088ffd&fccid=5b2f9eaa91cb3370&vjs=3,"iHeartMedia Stations Job Summary: Provides financial planning and analysis for the region. Responsibilities Designs, implements and provides products, programs, projects, processes and policies in support of the Financial Planning and Analysis function. Provides financial services and consulting at the corporate, business unit and/or market level; performs analysis and interpretation of financial and other data; directly supports the CFO and Director of Finance team. Forecasts, analyzes, and evaluates financial plans and budgets; develops recommendations to achieve financial objectives. Participates in expense forecasting and actuals process, including research and communication of variances, quarterly earnings, press release support, and competitor analysis. Analyzes and reports on results of various requests for proposals (RFPs) and programs to include total cost modeling, and prepares cost benefit analysis (CBA) recommendations. Prepares forecast results commentary; compiles consolidated expense actual and forecast reports for distribution to appropriate leadership. Analyzes trends, researches issues and responds to inquiries. Contributes to the development of best practices for company. Participates in and leads financial variances for forecast, budget and monthly close packages. Acts as point of contact for programming, responsible for understanding detailed financials, key variances and identifying risks/opportunities to the business Builds process improvements that identify and track key operating metrics that can be leveraged to develop planning tools. Creates financial models to support P&L forecasting, annual budgeting process, and evaluation of strategic business decisions. Interfaces with business, finance & sales leads, accounting partners and IT to ensure accurate data and information gathering. Performs analysis/deep dives on profitability, revenue trends and other periodic ad-hoc analytical projects. Performs ad hoc research as necessary; prepares and presents comprehensive evaluations, proposals and recommendations to appropriate leadership. May assist with annual update of long range forecasts. May manage budgeting process including preparation of templates, coordination of budget meetings, entering budget information into appropriate systems and preparation of presentation materials. May develop spend profiles and any performance to business requirements. May be responsible for training and/or acting as the lead for lower level positions in the group. Qualifications Proficient in Microsoft Office suite; advanced skills in Excel with a focus on speed and efficiency Experience with accounting software, Salesforce.com, Thinkcell, VB and SQL, or ability to learn new systems quickly Knowledge of FCC rules Self-starter, can work independently under minimal supervision Highly detail oriented, with strong attention to accuracy Excellent planning and organization skills; can multitask and prioritize workload under tight deadlines in a fast-paced environment High degree of quantitative, analysis, problem-solving and decision-making skills; critical thinker Stress tolerance, can maintain composure when faced with difficult situations/personalities Excellent oral and written communication skills Strong interpersonal skills; professional and confident demeanor Work Experience 3+ years’ analytical experience in financial planning, operations or other finance-heavy division Education Minimum of 4-year college degree in Accounting or Finance Certifications CPA a plus Location San Diego, CA: 9660 Granite Ridge Drive, 92123 Position Type Regular Benefits: iHeartMedia’s benefits offering is flexible and offers a variety of choices to meet the diverse needs of our changing workforce, including the following: Employer sponsored medical, dental and vision with a variety of coverage options Company provided and supplemental life insurance Paid vacation and sick time Paid company holidays, including floating holiday that enable our employees to celebrate the holiday of their choosing A Spirit day to encourage and allow our employees to more easily volunteer in their community A 401K plan with matching contributions (matching currently suspended) Employee Assistance Program (EAP) for benefit eligible employees and all household members at no cost – services include telephonic counseling sessions, consultation on legal and financial matters, emotional well-being, family and caregiving A range of additional voluntary programs, such as spending accounts, student loan refinancing, accident insurance and more! The Company is an equal opportunity employer and will not tolerate discrimination in employment on the basis of race, color, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, disability, ethnicity, national origin, marital status, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other legally protected classification or status. Our organization participates in E-Verify. Click here to learn about E-Verify. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Click Here to learn about the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance . Current employees and contingent workers click here to apply and search by the Job Posting Title."
186,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=b7b7e1377471e626&fccid=ff6da311b7b02222&vjs=3,
187,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=c707c9d107647f01&fccid=f684144f16fda6a0&vjs=3,"Job Details Description Guild Mortgage Company, closing loans and opening doors since 1960. As a mortgage banking firm we are dedicated to serving the home owner/buyer. Our goal is to provide affordable home financing for our customers, utilizing the best terms available while providing a level of professionalism and service unsurpassed in the lending industry.   Position Summary  The Financial Analyst II plays an important role in the organization by performing a variety of professional activities related to the organization’s Finance operations. The role is responsible for business reporting and analysis that helps the management team make appropriate financial business decisions.  Essential Functions  Create and maintain various financial models and templates utilizing large data sets, ensuring quality, accuracy and focused analytic review. Validate accuracy of financial reports and provide ad hoc analysis surrounding all aspects of branch and corporate P&L’s. Work cross-functionally, with all levels of internal management and staff, in order to continuously improve reporting processes. Effectively communicate information to management by assembling and summarizing data, preparing reports, making presentations of findings, analyses, and recommendations. Provide timely, accurate and insightful reporting on monthly and quarterly results; prepare, review, and distribute reporting for sales and corporate management. Manage branch pro-forma statement creation and analysis. Use knowledge to educate sales team on processes and requirements. Compile ad hoc financial reports and analyses for management. Use technology to gather necessary financial data and create seamless financial reporting SQL Database, Microsoft Access, Tableau or Power BI. Create and maintain financial dashboards and reporting packages. Use expertise to answer questions from less experienced Financial Analysts. Work to increase productivity by identifying inefficiencies and providing recommendations for system and process improvements. Perform other duties as assigned.  Qualifications  Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Finance, Accounting, Economics, or related field, along with two or more years’ experience in financial analysis related role(s) is preferred. Strong knowledge of Accounting and Finance principles. Strong analytical skills and the ability to work with large sets of data. Preferred knowledge of financial reporting and data visualization tools such as SQL Database, Microsoft Access, Tableau and/or Power BI. Advanced Excel skills required. Experience with Workday Adaptive Insights software is preferred. Ability to adapt to a growing and dynamic environment. Excellent verbal and written communication, listening and organizational skills. Effective time management skills including the ability to prioritize and multi-task. Experience understanding, interpreting, and consolidating financial statement for multiple business units. Ability to work independently with the self-motivation to accomplish goals. Ability to manage communication with multiple stakeholders. Strong attention to detail. Ability to research issues and identify solutions to complex problems.  Supervision  Travel 0% General to intermittent supervision of work, depending on experience Moderate independent judgment and discretion used in decision-making Uses sound judgment in executing core responsibilities  Requirements  Physical: Work is primarily sedentary; mobility in an office setting. Manual Dexterity: Frequent use of computer keyboard and mouse. Audio/Visual: Ability to accurately interpret sounds and associated meanings at a volume consistent with interpersonal conversation. Regularly required to accurately perceive, distinguish and interpret information received visually and through audio; e.g., words, numbers and other data broadcasted aloud/viewed on a screen, as well as print and other media. Environmental: Office environment – no substantial exposure to adverse environmental conditions.  Guild offers a pleasant work environment, competitive compensation and excellent benefits package; including medical, dental, vision, life insurance, AD&D, LTD and 401(k) with employer match.  Guild Mortgage Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer."
188,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5f4abac6df9ff8bb&fccid=bba3b2578c9adb92&vjs=3,"Do you have professional financial modeling experience? Would you like to be a best in class business partner in your next role? Excited to learn more? If so, then this could be the role for you! Job overview: This position is currently a full time remote role due to Covid and we expect to transition back into our Fort Mill, SC and San Diego offices later this year. This is a business partner role within our Financial Planning & Analysis (FP&A) team that leads analyses and forecasts that help our management team make informed decisions. By working with colleagues in finance and in the business units, you will develop timely, accurate, and insightful commentary and recommendations. This team has the unique opportunity to be finance experts, to understand how business unit performance fits within LPL and vice versa, and to communicate with business partners at all levels of management on a daily basis. What will you do? Work closely with cross-functional business partners to understand and provide insights into financial performance, resource planning, and expense forecasts Prepare and deliver compelling, accurate, and visually effective financial presentations Lead the preparation of detailed budgets and forecasts Identify areas of improvement and implement effective solutions Ad hoc analysis and additional responsibilities as required Please note: Additional responsibilities or duties may be assigned to you as needed or determined. What does your success look like in the first 90 days? Success will be to develop an understanding of our team processes and becoming the leader in driving these initiatives. Through clear & transparent interactions you will begin to build trust & relationships with our key stakeholders. What are we looking for? We want strong collaborators who can deliver a world-class client experience. We are looking for people who thrive in a fast-paced environment, are client focused, team oriented, and are able to execute in a way that encourages creativity and continuous improvement. What skills, experiences, and education are required? 3-5+ years of finance experience BA/BS degree in Finance, Accounting, Business, or Economics (or a related discipline) Strong communication & presentation skills Strong Relationship building skills through providing consistent & transparent customer service to the Business Units we support Financial Modeling and MS Excel skills"
189,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=d74e4b28f9983730&fccid=bba3b2578c9adb92&vjs=3,
190,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=c025c4f7ca4744ef&fccid=396fb449eccffdb9&vjs=3,"Financial Analyst (SABRS-21-0858-W):  Bowhead seeks a Financial Analyst to support the SABRS contract in San Diego, CA. The Financial Analyst will provide Standard Accounting Budgeting Reporting System (SABRS) services support for Commander Naval Surface Forces Pacific (CNSP) Comptroller Office. The Financial Analyst will also provide on-site, on-demand, other-the-shoulder SABRS training to individual employees and/or small groups to supplement and increase employee knowledge and understanding of SABRS functionality and interface with feeder systems.   Essential functions will include:   Monitor ongoing support requirements, providing assistance and advisory services on SABRS trouble reports. Assist with customer system access to SABRS and SMARTS, including review of SAARs, training prerequisites, and ensuring a file copy of SAARS are on hand for future system access inspections. Identify training gaps and the need for Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) or standardization guidance based on errors shown on daily/weekly/monthly SMARTS reports and weekly meetings. Once identified, the contractor shall work with the Comptroller senior staff to create such as SOPs or guidance. Monitor financial management operations via available tools provided by SABRS and SABRS Management Analysis System (SMARTS) in order to assist with the projection of future and revised requirements as situations change.  Monitor daily/weekly/monthly financial system and feeder system reports to identify issues that affect key performance indicators and common interface errors. Once identified the individual will coordinate with financial management personnel to change or correct applicable processes and monitor/correct deficiencies. Work with the financial management team to incorporate new SABRS and SMARTS reports into established financial management metrics.   Bowhead seeks to network with qualified individuals relative to a potential opportunity, which is contingent upon award and not currently funded. Please click the link at the bottom of this posting to apply for consideration. Incumbent employees are encouraged to respond. No solicitations or third party applications will be accepted."
191,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=4ad228a3e59813e9&fccid=8524239b088a6649&vjs=3,"Position Summary: The Sr. Financial Analyst will report to Illumina’s Business Finance Support team. The successful candidate will support budget planning, forecasts, monthly operational/financial reviews and other ad hoc projects in support of the Research and Technology Development Organization. The successful candidate will utilize strong business acumen, deep financial expertise and solid communication to become an effective partner within the organization. Responsibilities: Serve as a financial business partner for the Research and Technology Development Organization, building key relationships and supporting the achievement of the department’s priorities and key objectives Review operating expenses and capital expenditures to understand variances and improve future forecasts Assist in the development of monthly packages to be utilized for financial management reporting, including variance explanations, forecast updates, scenario building and other analyses Assist in the development of the annual operating plan (budget) and manage monthly and quarterly forecast updates for the Research and Technology Development Organization Assist in the monthly/quarter-end close process by reviewing open purchase orders and coordinating with various business partners to estimate incurred expenses to inform forecast updates Utilize financial systems to complete tasks (i.e. Cognos TM1, Cognos BI, and SAP) Analyze, synthesize and translate data into key strategic inputs and insights that will drive strategic decision making at the executive level Acquire comprehensive understanding of Illumina’s technologies, products and market segment Provide financial modeling, analytics, and general internal Finance support to the Research and Technology Development organization Provide insight and consolidated information to the Enterprise FP&A team to support Board of Directors decks, corporate performance reports, cost savings initiatives and dashboards Requirements: 5+ years total Finance experience, preferably in a high growth environment Fluent knowledge of the main elements and drivers of income statement, balance sheet and statement of cash flow Proven ability to evaluate and solve complex problems and understand the strategic implications of different business approaches Exceptional interpersonal skills, able to establish strong rapport and partnerships at all levels of the organization Superb written communication and project management skills Commitment to accuracy and quality while meeting multiple goals or deadlines Advanced expertise in Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint; Knowledge of IBM Planning Analytics (Cognos TM1) a plus Self-directed and able to work well in a team environment Exhibits clear leadership potential Highly motivated with positive attitude and strong work ethic Passionate about the company mission Education: BS or BA in Business Administration, Finance, Accounting or related field At Illumina, we strive to foster a diverse and inclusive workplace by cultivating an environment in which everyone contributes to our mission. Built on a strong foundation, Illumina has always been rooted in openness, collaboration, and seeking alternative views and perspectives to propel innovation in genomics. We are proud to confirm a zero-net gap in pay, regardless of gender, ethnicity, or race. We also have several Employee Resource Groups (ERG) that deliver career development experiences, increase cultural awareness, and demonstrate our collective commitment to diversity and inclusion in the communities we live and work. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer committed to providing employment opportunity regardless of sex, race, creed, color, gender, religion, marital status, domestic partner status, age, national origin or ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, sexual orientation, pregnancy, military or veteran status, citizenship status, and genetic information. If you require accommodation to complete the application or interview process, please contact accommodations@illumina.com. To learn more, visit: https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf"
192,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=c9bb7442bb6051a4&fccid=3f17ba6ab43a5ce7&vjs=3,"Duties: We are seeking an experienced Financial Analyst to support a new position at remote location in San Diego Ca. Work will be onsite at headquarters Commander Naval Air Force US Pacific Fleet. This support includes maintaining budget spreadsheets, analysis of budget expenditures and estimations of required support funding. Coordinate the financial activities of numerous budget line items on different Navy Maintenance Program accounts. Planning, programming, budgeting, advising and reporting for each program separately and for the government program manager.  Qualifications/Education: BS degree in Accounting/Business Administration or related field such as Economics 10 years experience with Navy budgeting programs and DoD Contracts. Experience with tracking costs, reconciling and correcting data. Experience in working with leadership to assist in coordination completions and track progress.  Must be able to develop decision briefings and present to senior government and military personnel. Monitor naval message traffic and draft messages when required.  Skills and Abilities: Must possess experience with Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) Must have the ability to create logical financial trends, plans, organizes and coordinates reports with program information from inputs gathered from others. Highly organized and detail oriented with exceptional analytical and problem solving skills. Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to use independent judgment in decision making. Ability to work effectively in a team environment. Prior experience with the Navy a plus. Knowledge of data bases used by the U.S. Navy and qualified in Microsoft Access, Microsoft Excel and email systems. Must be able to maintain a Secret clearance.  Security Clearance Required: Secret"
193,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=615ca453d51f0bc2&fccid=8975677ab32199de&vjs=3,
194,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1e8496c3b829f4ce&fccid=bba3b2578c9adb92&vjs=3,
195,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ea4d0db4a74fe6e0&fccid=fdb926660fbd2860&vjs=3,
196,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=151e8dc44d83e3fd&fccid=4ed92d91f1ef851b&vjs=3,
197,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=d9cd84688a910a74&fccid=aaa0f84fa24e972f&vjs=3,Required Skills / Capabilities
198,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=6a414a67a7502847&fccid=21df030fae150acc&vjs=3,"Business Unit: Cubic Transportation Systems Company Details: Cubic offers an opportunity to provide innovative technology for government and commercial customers around the globe, helping to solve their future problems today. We’re the leading integrator of payment and information technology and services for intelligent travel solutions worldwide, and the leading provider of realistic combat training systems, secure communications and networking and highly specialized support services for military and security forces of the U.S. and allied nations. If you have an entrepreneurial spirit and thrive in an innovative environment, we want to talk to you about your next role at Cubic! We are seeking employees inspired by technology, and motivated by the rewards of hard work, commitment, teamwork, quality, integrity, and respect. We invite you to explore opportunities with Cubic. Job Details: Job Summary: Provides moderately complex financial and schedule control services. Supports Program Managers and program functional participants in the financial/schedule management of projects to ensure that financial and schedule goals are met. This position typically works under general supervision and direction. Essential Job Duties and Responsibilities: Coordinates projects in accordance with Policy and Procedure 3-1-1, “Program Planning, Scheduling and Administration.” Establishes the cost accounting structure of projects. Provides assistance in the budgeting and scheduling process. Documents budgeting results in Work Authorization Documents (WADs) and the Cost Status Reporting System. Participates with scheduling professionals in the creation of project schedules and product reviews. Provides earned value management in accordance with the Management Control System Description (where required). Monitors costs to ensure accurate accounting. Facilitates cost corrections and/or prepares account correction documents. Provides analyses and compiles expected cost data to form estimate-at-complete (EAC) forecasts. Inputs EAC data into the Cost Status Reporting System. Forecasts expenditures, sales, earnings, and cash flow. Monitors and analyzes Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable to ensure both activities are timely and correct. Prepares various internal and external customer financial analyses and reports. Supports internal and external audits. Supports proposal development activities. Distributes various cost and schedule reports to assigned project participants. Minimum Job Requirements: Four-year college degree, or equivalent, in business administration or accounting plus a minimum of two years of related experience. Good written and oral communication skills. Good working knowledge of personal computers and spreadsheet applications required. Ability to follow written and verbal directions. Ability to prioritize work, complete multiple tasks, and work under deadlines. Able to concentrate, focus, and perform analyses. Adept analytical and numerical skills required. Must be able to work at a computer for extended periods of time. The description provided above is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all job duties, responsibilities and requirements. Duties, responsibilities and requirements may change over time and according to business need. Worker Type: Employee"
199,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=158e127fdd19a2c1&fccid=37cef4caaab26e6f&vjs=3,"Job Title:Financial AnalystJob Location:Coronado, CASalary: Competitive, Depends on QualificationsClearance:SecretTravel:Not Anticipated Purpose: The purpose of this task is to perform duties in support of NSWCEN's Travel Program. Efforts will include, but are not limited to; performing the 'reviewer' routing official function, reconciliation of travel transactions and reporting in accordance with prescribed policy, guidelines and timelines and customer service for NSWCEN and subordinate command's travelers.  Responsibilities (include but not limited to): Perform the reviewer routing official function in the prescribed travel system e.g. Defense Travel System (DTS). Perform reconciliation of travel transactions in the prescribed feeder and official accounting systems e.g. Funds Administrator and Standard Document Automation System (FASTDATA), Standard Accounting and Reporting System/Field Level (STARS/F), Standard Accounting, Budgeting and Reporting System (SABRS) Maintain and update required documentation to support the Dormant Accounts Review Quarterly (DAR-Q) and audit readiness. Create, update and distribute travel reports (to include but not limited to an Un-submitted Ver: Jun 2016 voucher report & SOU and Cardholder Training Report). Assist customers with travel related questions e.g. voucher/authorization processing.  Requirements: Have a minimum of 5 years specialized experience using Defense Travel System (DTS). Have a minimum of 5 years' specialized experience in DoD/DON travel processing/policies in order to ensure the contractor is equipped with the particular knowledge, skills and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position. Have an active Secret Clearance. Be able to operate a Personal Computer (PC) with common/standard business software programs. Be proficient in Microsoft Office application, to include Word, Outlook, Excel and PowerPoint. Possess an excellent work ethic. Have excellent verbal and written communication skills. Pay strong attention to detail and be highly accurate in performing all tasks. Perform duties independently, with minimal oversight. Be able to write correspondence in a military format, when necessary. Navy / Naval Special Warfare experience preferred. *****THIS POSITION IS CONTINGENT UPON AWARDING OF A GOVERNMENT CONTRACT*****    About Our Company: As a Service Disabled, Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) we are a provider of Information Technology (IT) professional services, software solutions and professional development training. Our core competencies evolved from leveraging IT enablers for knowledge management with an emphasis on Web Based Knowledge Portals and Portal Services, Server/System Services, SharePoint Development and System Administration and SQL Server Services. Our capabilities have expanded to include software development, technical training support and field support services.  Guiding Principles Satisfy the customer - ""Exceed expectations"" Set the Example - ""Be out front"" Be Responsive - ""Timing is everything"" Persevere - ""Find a way""  Benefits PTP offers a comprehensive benefits program: Medical insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Supplemental benefits (Short Term Disability, Cancer & Accident). Employer-sponsored Basic Life & AD&D Insurance Employer-sponsored Long Term Disability Employer-sponsored Value Adds – FreshBenies 401(k) with matching  Holidays and Annual Leave 10 Paid Holidays 120 hours PTO accrual per year"
200,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=6a414a67a7502847&fccid=21df030fae150acc&vjs=3,"Business Unit: Cubic Transportation Systems Company Details: Cubic offers an opportunity to provide innovative technology for government and commercial customers around the globe, helping to solve their future problems today. We’re the leading integrator of payment and information technology and services for intelligent travel solutions worldwide, and the leading provider of realistic combat training systems, secure communications and networking and highly specialized support services for military and security forces of the U.S. and allied nations. If you have an entrepreneurial spirit and thrive in an innovative environment, we want to talk to you about your next role at Cubic! We are seeking employees inspired by technology, and motivated by the rewards of hard work, commitment, teamwork, quality, integrity, and respect. We invite you to explore opportunities with Cubic. Job Details: Job Summary: Provides moderately complex financial and schedule control services. Supports Program Managers and program functional participants in the financial/schedule management of projects to ensure that financial and schedule goals are met. This position typically works under general supervision and direction. Essential Job Duties and Responsibilities: Coordinates projects in accordance with Policy and Procedure 3-1-1, “Program Planning, Scheduling and Administration.” Establishes the cost accounting structure of projects. Provides assistance in the budgeting and scheduling process. Documents budgeting results in Work Authorization Documents (WADs) and the Cost Status Reporting System. Participates with scheduling professionals in the creation of project schedules and product reviews. Provides earned value management in accordance with the Management Control System Description (where required). Monitors costs to ensure accurate accounting. Facilitates cost corrections and/or prepares account correction documents. Provides analyses and compiles expected cost data to form estimate-at-complete (EAC) forecasts. Inputs EAC data into the Cost Status Reporting System. Forecasts expenditures, sales, earnings, and cash flow. Monitors and analyzes Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable to ensure both activities are timely and correct. Prepares various internal and external customer financial analyses and reports. Supports internal and external audits. Supports proposal development activities. Distributes various cost and schedule reports to assigned project participants. Minimum Job Requirements: Four-year college degree, or equivalent, in business administration or accounting plus a minimum of two years of related experience. Good written and oral communication skills. Good working knowledge of personal computers and spreadsheet applications required. Ability to follow written and verbal directions. Ability to prioritize work, complete multiple tasks, and work under deadlines. Able to concentrate, focus, and perform analyses. Adept analytical and numerical skills required. Must be able to work at a computer for extended periods of time. The description provided above is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all job duties, responsibilities and requirements. Duties, responsibilities and requirements may change over time and according to business need. Worker Type: Employee"
201,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=158e127fdd19a2c1&fccid=37cef4caaab26e6f&vjs=3,"Job Title:Financial AnalystJob Location:Coronado, CASalary: Competitive, Depends on QualificationsClearance:SecretTravel:Not Anticipated Purpose: The purpose of this task is to perform duties in support of NSWCEN's Travel Program. Efforts will include, but are not limited to; performing the 'reviewer' routing official function, reconciliation of travel transactions and reporting in accordance with prescribed policy, guidelines and timelines and customer service for NSWCEN and subordinate command's travelers.  Responsibilities (include but not limited to): Perform the reviewer routing official function in the prescribed travel system e.g. Defense Travel System (DTS). Perform reconciliation of travel transactions in the prescribed feeder and official accounting systems e.g. Funds Administrator and Standard Document Automation System (FASTDATA), Standard Accounting and Reporting System/Field Level (STARS/F), Standard Accounting, Budgeting and Reporting System (SABRS) Maintain and update required documentation to support the Dormant Accounts Review Quarterly (DAR-Q) and audit readiness. Create, update and distribute travel reports (to include but not limited to an Un-submitted Ver: Jun 2016 voucher report & SOU and Cardholder Training Report). Assist customers with travel related questions e.g. voucher/authorization processing.  Requirements: Have a minimum of 5 years specialized experience using Defense Travel System (DTS). Have a minimum of 5 years' specialized experience in DoD/DON travel processing/policies in order to ensure the contractor is equipped with the particular knowledge, skills and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position. Have an active Secret Clearance. Be able to operate a Personal Computer (PC) with common/standard business software programs. Be proficient in Microsoft Office application, to include Word, Outlook, Excel and PowerPoint. Possess an excellent work ethic. Have excellent verbal and written communication skills. Pay strong attention to detail and be highly accurate in performing all tasks. Perform duties independently, with minimal oversight. Be able to write correspondence in a military format, when necessary. Navy / Naval Special Warfare experience preferred. *****THIS POSITION IS CONTINGENT UPON AWARDING OF A GOVERNMENT CONTRACT*****    About Our Company: As a Service Disabled, Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) we are a provider of Information Technology (IT) professional services, software solutions and professional development training. Our core competencies evolved from leveraging IT enablers for knowledge management with an emphasis on Web Based Knowledge Portals and Portal Services, Server/System Services, SharePoint Development and System Administration and SQL Server Services. Our capabilities have expanded to include software development, technical training support and field support services.  Guiding Principles Satisfy the customer - ""Exceed expectations"" Set the Example - ""Be out front"" Be Responsive - ""Timing is everything"" Persevere - ""Find a way""  Benefits PTP offers a comprehensive benefits program: Medical insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Supplemental benefits (Short Term Disability, Cancer & Accident). Employer-sponsored Basic Life & AD&D Insurance Employer-sponsored Long Term Disability Employer-sponsored Value Adds – FreshBenies 401(k) with matching  Holidays and Annual Leave 10 Paid Holidays 120 hours PTO accrual per year"
202,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=4c6e6915f51544ab&fccid=47148e4eb4f2966b&vjs=3,
203,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=d4053529445c0d96&fccid=59867e5a232c7b5c&vjs=3,"General Atomics Aeronautical Systems, Inc. (GA-ASI), an affiliate of General Atomics, is a world leader in proven, reliable remotely piloted aircraft and tactical reconnaissance radars, as well as advanced high-resolution surveillance systems.  We have an exciting opportunity for a Project Control Analyst to join our Program Finance team in Poway, CA. Under general supervision, this position plans, tracks, analyzes, and reports in accordance with procedures for projects of varying contract type, size, and complexity. This position will work within a team environment consisting of program management, technical, production, financial and other supporting staff.  DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Plans, tracks, analyzes, and reports schedule and financial status for projects of varying contract type, size, and complexity. Conducts financial analysis and reporting of cost and schedule performance. Works in a team environment with technical, financial, and management staff with the objective to track and control contract activity and deliverables. Interacts with management staff to establish and maintain a cost and schedule baseline, analyze the performance on the contract on a recurring basis, and work with the program staff to generate Estimates At Completion. May assist in the development of Work Breakdown Structures (WBS) and related dictionaries. Contributes in the development and implementation of Earned Value or equivalent cost tracking methodologies, performs related variance analysis, and works with program/project managers and technical personnel to ensure uniform application of procedures. Develops and implements reporting procedures to review project status and valuation of work in progress, as well as tracking procedures for contract deliverables. May participate in new business proposals as required to develop schedule, manpower, and cost estimates. Develops and maintains master program schedules for assigned contracts and internal development efforts. Utilizes the information from Microsoft Project and other sources to generate budgets and track performance against those budgets. Performs monitoring, analysis and reporting on assigned projects the status of procurements for the purposes of cost reporting. Interfaces with operating and support groups (Purchasing, Finance, QA) to collect data for preparation of schedules and reports. Provides task leaders and program managers with clear, timely and accurate information recommendations with which to make decisions. Performs other duties as assigned or required. We recognize and appreciate the value and contributions of individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences and welcome all qualified individuals to apply. Job Qualifications: Typically requires education and/or training equivalent to the completion of a bachelor's degree in business administration or a related discipline, along with three or more years of related experience. May substitute equivalent experience in lieu of education. Demonstrates technical expertise and application of industry and government cost accounting principles, theories, concepts, standards, and practices. Experience with Microsoft Project, preferably including creating and maintaining resource loaded schedules is highly desirable. Must have general knowledge of accounting principles, planning and tracking procedures and manufacturing systems in a research or production environment. Possess good organizational skills. An effective communicator with the ability to write, interpret and explain programmatic issues Excellent analytical skills and ability to multitask are significant advantages in position. Knowledge of earned value methodologies(EVMS) preferred. Experience interfacing with MPM is a plus."
204,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=2b07f3f30c9708f2&fccid=48f00a10944a44b0&vjs=3,"GENERAL SUMMARY: Position will provide business and financial management support to the Program Manager of installation projects on the NSWCPD-SSES contract. LOCATION: San Diego, CA. PRIMARY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Responsible for working directly with the Director, Program Manager and Project Managers for all Program financial reporting. Monitor and track all labor, material, subcontract and ODC cost. Assist with project set up consistent with contract and task order requirements. Work with the program team in using a Work Breakdown Structure (WBS) to collect financial data appropriately. Setup baseline and maintain spend plans and Budget-at-Completion. Assist with the subcontractor reporting process. Use Earned Value to assess the actual performance against planned performance to provide management with early warnings of potential cost and/or schedule problem areas. Support the development of weekly Project Management Office (PMO) briefings. Review customer invoices for accuracy prior to submission. Prepares program summary data and validate for accuracy. Prepares the Financial Data for the Monthly Program Review and Reports. Provides program forecasts on a monthly basis with validation for current BAC's. Performs program responsibilities as directed in areas of program planning, budgeting performance, and schedule control and reporting requirements.  EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor's degree in Accounting or Finance  MANDATORY REQUIREMENTS: Three (3) years of relevant project and program cost accounting experience gained on Government cost reimbursable (CPFF, CPIF, CPAF) contracts Demonstrated experience preparing spending plans and forecasts Demonstrated experience analyzing project and program performance using EVMS Demonstrated problem solving skills Attention to detail Advanced user of MS Excel  ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS: Experience with Deltek GCS Premier Experience with IBM Cognos Impromptu query and reporting software Program Management Professional (PMP) certification desired but not required."
205,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=22d6f709dccd249c&fccid=349b48431835073f&vjs=3,"SOLUTE Inc., established in San Diego, CA and with operations in Colorado, Florida, Maryland, New Jersey and Virginia, is an innovative and dynamic organization that specializes in the fields of Engineering, Cyber Security, Enterprise Architecture, Program Management, Avionics Design, and more. We are currently looking for an experienced and motivated individual to join our Accounting and Contracts teams. The successful candidate will be a key member of the team and participate in a wide range of accounting, contracts and financial analysis tasks.  Responsibilities Analyze and interpret complex government contracts and build out contract structure in ERP system Prepare monthly contract billings and project financial status reports Analyze funding/revenue/cost profile of contracts, prepare financial forecasts and analyze deviations from budget Work with customers, subcontractors and internal corporate teams to track contract deliverables and to ensure financial targets are met Develop, follow and implement internal control procedures and help ensure interdepartmental compliance Responsible for month-end activities, including account reconciliations and journal entries Analyze financial statements, research variances and develop trend forecasts Work with external auditors, conduct research, prepare documentation and ensure timely completion of audit requests Prepare tax schedules, research tax issues and develop solutions Review timecards and prepare payroll as needed Assist with special projects and additional duties as assigned Maintain strict confidentiality of sensitive information  Requirements Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting or Finance 3+ years of experience in a similar role CPA preferred Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Solid understanding of GAAP and accrual accounting concepts Ability to read and analyze technical forms and financial reports Prior experience working with Jamis or other accounting software Proficient in Word and Excel Must be able to meet strict deadlines Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and to manage multiple projects simultaneously Self-starter, driven with superior attention to detail Benefits Benefits include: Medical, Dental and Vision 401(k) Plan with company matching contributions Paid Time Off (PTO) and 10 paid Holidays Educational assistance SOLUTE is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, marital status, veteran status or any other applicable legally protected status or characteristic."
206,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=cb35c0e8a65af07d&fccid=dd616958bd9ddc12&vjs=3,"A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits. Review our benefits Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered."
207,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=633bdec20bc0dbe7&fccid=4e041af1d0af1bc8&vjs=3,
208,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=07fd5e102309afd8&fccid=d1c96126a5dff0c7&vjs=3,"Ameriprise – San Diego, CA a successful, well established financial advisory practice is seeking a fulltime licensed Financial Planning Analyst. At Ameriprise Financial we help people feel confident about their financial future by providing comprehensive financial planning and investment consulting to families, individuals, and small organizations to help achieve financial goals and simplify their financial lives. Job Purpose: Serve as a Financial Planning Analyst, providing exceptionally friendly, helpful, high-quality service to our clients. Key responsibilities include, assist with client needs, meeting preparation, trades and managing team member tasks. Responsibilities:  Assist with client meeting prep Create recommendations for advisor review Complete trades and money movement Cash flow analysis Data entry into NaviPlan Manage insurance and annuity requests Investment research Manager client needs and be available to answer any questions Sit in on client meetings with clients as needed Review financial statements sent in by clients  Qualifications:  Bachelor’s degree or higher 3-5+ years of similar work experience in the financial services industry NASD/FINRA Series 7, 66 and life and health are required Pleasant, professional, and friendly manner with excellent interpersonal skills Comfortable interacting and meeting with clients Highly organized, accurate, and attention to detail Proven analytical and independent problem-solving skills Highly proficient in Microsoft office including PowerPoint, Excel, Word, and Outlook Excellent written and verbal communication skills Ability to handle multiple responsibilities Strong personal and business ethics and integrity Desire to grow and learn within the practice Salary and Benefits: Competitive compenastion and benefits packag How to Apply: Please submit the following for consideration:  Cover letter Resume  We are an Equal Opportunity Employer"
209,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9a466d04eadf7627&fccid=7ec7352c91714aab&vjs=3,
210,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0D8crn-YM6x7IQoSNnEBoVgmt9RccLWLqLeBizUaTtDVuyIHDC0H4srq2fUwOJEHznVKZTfEmf9yVVOH3rvOSLC-fpnK32EiJROgcXX3IMczsOYUKSd2nbRYwkP7TNUdHuxI6om6JI6lNzlE8uhEn0NFhSX6hth7Pr6BqEtDScHKIrsxh9y2AqsOHMJNnpi1AX32cY0PAfh1YNsfXWbRzBHbarLNr2Wf07_sRS_lvrKNYulCpxRwxZcKq0FzMAo-Inxby8Gy1wtYeWhXWnodmPH1Xt_vLmAuEPOxoB-l7zOUi9BWZh-uzUSYKMjOprMnleW2Gd6pMDZYAeroaFq0yhkstQdVwRUim6Nz-OJh7y-yCHnSpzjIPBxjAVq_xP6HItiyaNBgA5C9Pj94NysoPt1meoz09lt-m44LhI3cWd9r7JW_6rD1OGZFciTvrUeJ6L_va_rzUQkf1MRhlrqmI_BfH58qQA1WNEpfDi6wccpGgab1BFC6W_5UfOolXNHQJ0tOSRQSTVNzxhGWxqfSpUlmpiknmQuviJDBnNu8aJVZw==&p=12&fvj=0&vjs=3,"A fast growing Real Estate company in San Diego, Ca is seeking a Financial Planning and Analysis Specialist to join their team. This position will be part of a large and well-established organization. We are seeking an individual who is strong in financial planning, analysis, and dealing with revenues and cost structures. This company offers work life balance, a great working environment and benefits. Apply today! Duties: Updating and maintaining the Argus property level models for all leasing and budgeting activities. Reconciling Argus back to the MRI accounting system to ensure the accuracy of the forecasting models. Support with the corporate budgeting process. Provide financial underwriting for new acquisitions by building cash flow models in Argus, analyzing investment returns in Excel, and evaluating the financial impact of various investment scenarios.  Requirements: Business Degree, preferably in Finance, Accounting, or Economics. 2 to 3 years of Real Estate industry related experience preferred. Experience with Argus Enterprise preferred. Experience in real estate financial modeling preferred. Complete understanding of basic financial concepts such as IRRs, NPVs, time value of money, etc  #ZR #LI-POST #hotjobs"
211,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=7bcb8c044891d2eb&fccid=10b5a4abcc6bf067&vjs=3, 
212,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=65472e7a097089a0&fccid=bf43832ebb455ed2&vjs=3,"The company: As a Consulting Company. OUR PEOPLE ARE WHAT MAKES US GREAT! We take pride in delivering our specialty services utilizing our experienced Program Planning & Control Teams, which rank as best in the industry. Our consultants implement and manage billion-dollar projects within complex program industries. We have created an environment where the best can thrive, while providing support services to our clients and maintaining the highest quality standards with professionalism and integrity. We strive for excellence and have fun along the way which is why we are the Employer of Choice for our Consultants and the Vendor of Choice for our clients. ClearPlan was just recently a Great Place to Work certified for 2020.  Program Financial Analyst / Tool SME (Deltek Cobra, Oracle, and/or Microsoft tool-sets)  Role Description & Responsibilities:  Oversight of program Earned Value Management Systems(EVMS) for tracking program compliance, schedule and cost performance Responsible for preparing, analyzing and reviewing program performance measurement and cost variances. Provide cost control and financial support for program management and program cost control managers. Prepare monthly CPR Formats 1-5 or IPMR deliverables Supports customer audits and reviews. Communicates with DCMA on a regular basis regarding EVMS assessments. Track and manage program Post and Copy billings and cash collections. Generate and analyze quarterly program Estimates at Complete (EACs) in accordance with Corporate policies. Work independently to identify solutions and provide strategic direction in a dynamic ambiguous & environment. Support management reviews and audits on a monthly and quarterly basis consisting of operations, planning, program management and EAC reviews.  Experience Requirements:  Expert with required tool-set (Deltek Cobra, Oracle, and/or Microsoft tool-sets). Experience with US government cost-reimbursement contracts and Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR). Experience in implementing Earned Value Management Systems (EVMS) and baseline development. PC proficiency including MS Excel, Word, PowerPoint and Outlook. Thorough knowledge and application of accounting principles, Earned Value Management, scheduling, proposal process, government financial reporting with general knowledge of government contracts and procurement regulations. DoD Security Clearance (Preferred) ClearPlan is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.  Benefits Medical Insurance, Life Insurance, Dental Insurance, 401k, Vision"
213,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=27c9d86ff381e15f&fccid=938c68fc89db4b9d&vjs=3,"Position Summary  The ideal candidate for this position is a critical thinker with strong analytical, communication, math and problem solving skills. They will have experience analyzing complex information, taking into account multiple sources of information and piecing together all the information to look at the big picture and make the best analysis to help the Senior Leadership make informed decisions. Strong communication skills – both written and verbal – are critical for success in this position.  The Budget Analyst is the first level of professional budgeting work requiring general knowledge and understanding of budget and financial accounting principles and practices. Under general direction, incumbents are given complex work assignments that expand the incumbent’s practical experience and develop professional judgement in the application of budgeting principles. May provide work direction to other professional and/or technical staff.  Work assignments typically include some or all of the following: survey and investigate budget matters, including collecting information from databases and other institutions of higher education; consults with and advise responsible officials on fiscal organization, fiscal procedure and related problems; analyze budget requests, including projection and revenue costs, posting of budget data to journals, registers or ledgers, and performs continuous budgetary control of appropriations; draft text materials to summarize, analyze, and justify budget programs; gather data and conduct studies on various problems arising in connection with financial administration; assist higher level budget analysts and management with position control, labor cost distribution and budgetary control functions; provide information and instructions to management and employees of the CSU concerning specific phases of budgets and financial procedures; prepare related reports and correspondence for higher level review; document and maintain business processes, standards and procedures; provide initial troubleshooting of financial systems problems; participate in the design and installation of financial systems upgrades and required testing and verification of results; conduct extensive financial data compilation, querying and drilling on large volumes of financial data; and use integrated financial systems and/or other types of records management systems. This position is also responsible for leading the Accounting Technician II. This position will also work on procurement items, requisitions, purchase orders, open service orders and purchase card transaction processing and reconciliation.  For more information regarding the department of Facilities Services, click here.  This is a full-time (1.0 time-base), benefits eligible, permanent (probationary) position. This position is designated non-exempt under FLSA and is eligible for overtime compensation. Standard SDSU work hours are Monday – Friday, 7:30 a.m. to 4:00 p.m., but may vary based on operational needs.  Education and Experience  Entry to this classification requires general knowledge and skills in the applicable administrative and/or program field with a foundational knowledge of public administration principles, practices, and methods. This foundation would normally be obtained through a bachelor's degree and/or equivalent training and administrative work experience involving study, analysis, and/or evaluation leading to the development or improvement of administrative policies, procedures, practices, or programs.  Licenses and/or Certifications Required Valid California Driver’s License.  Specialized Skills Required  Experience with Oracle, ASCOT, PeopleSoft, etc. Three years of professional experience budgeting, including experience with forecasting, making projections and analyzing data. Experience with Excel.  Preferred Qualifications Experience in using Microsoft Excel, Word and PowerPoint. Experience with Oracle Financials and PeopleSoft Human Capital Management. Experience with query tools (e.g. Brio, MS Excel, or etc.) to extract data for use in a wide variety of analytical tasks. Experience with California State accounting systems, processes and procedures.  Compensation and Benefits  REVISED  Starting salary upon appointment not expected to exceed $5,000 per month. CSU Classification Salary Range: $3,288 - $6,347 per month. Salary placement is determined by the education, experience, and qualifications the candidate brings to the position, internal equity, and the hiring department’s fiscal resources.  San Diego State University offers a rich benefits package that constitutes a major portion of total compensation. For more information regarding SDSU benefits, please click here.  Supplemental Information  Initial review of the required application materials, including cover letters and resumes, will begin on June 8, 2021. To receive full consideration, apply by June 7, 2021.  The person holding this position is considered a ‘mandated reporter’ under the California Child Abuse and Neglect Reporting Act and is required to comply with the requirements set forth in CSU Executive Order 1083 as a condition of employment.  San Diego State University is not a sponsoring agency for staff or management positions (e.g., H-1B visa). Applicants must currently be authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis. Offers of employment are contingent upon the presentation of documents that demonstrate a person's identity and authorization to work in the United States, which are consistent with the provisions of the Immigration Reform and Control Act.  A background check (including a criminal records check) must be completed satisfactorily before any candidate can be offered a position with the CSU. Failure to satisfactorily complete the background check may affect the application status of applicants or continued employment of current CSU employees who apply for the position.  SDSU is a smoke-free campus. For more information, please click here.  SDSU is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate against persons on the basis of race, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity and expression, marital status, age, disability, pregnancy, medical condition, or covered veteran status.  Applicants with disabilities and applicants who require assistance completing an application may contact Meracle Cothron at mcothron@sdsu.edu."
214,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=4ad228a3e59813e9&fccid=8524239b088a6649&vjs=3,"Position Summary: The Sr. Financial Analyst will report to Illumina’s Business Finance Support team. The successful candidate will support budget planning, forecasts, monthly operational/financial reviews and other ad hoc projects in support of the Research and Technology Development Organization. The successful candidate will utilize strong business acumen, deep financial expertise and solid communication to become an effective partner within the organization. Responsibilities: Serve as a financial business partner for the Research and Technology Development Organization, building key relationships and supporting the achievement of the department’s priorities and key objectives Review operating expenses and capital expenditures to understand variances and improve future forecasts Assist in the development of monthly packages to be utilized for financial management reporting, including variance explanations, forecast updates, scenario building and other analyses Assist in the development of the annual operating plan (budget) and manage monthly and quarterly forecast updates for the Research and Technology Development Organization Assist in the monthly/quarter-end close process by reviewing open purchase orders and coordinating with various business partners to estimate incurred expenses to inform forecast updates Utilize financial systems to complete tasks (i.e. Cognos TM1, Cognos BI, and SAP) Analyze, synthesize and translate data into key strategic inputs and insights that will drive strategic decision making at the executive level Acquire comprehensive understanding of Illumina’s technologies, products and market segment Provide financial modeling, analytics, and general internal Finance support to the Research and Technology Development organization Provide insight and consolidated information to the Enterprise FP&A team to support Board of Directors decks, corporate performance reports, cost savings initiatives and dashboards Requirements: 5+ years total Finance experience, preferably in a high growth environment Fluent knowledge of the main elements and drivers of income statement, balance sheet and statement of cash flow Proven ability to evaluate and solve complex problems and understand the strategic implications of different business approaches Exceptional interpersonal skills, able to establish strong rapport and partnerships at all levels of the organization Superb written communication and project management skills Commitment to accuracy and quality while meeting multiple goals or deadlines Advanced expertise in Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint; Knowledge of IBM Planning Analytics (Cognos TM1) a plus Self-directed and able to work well in a team environment Exhibits clear leadership potential Highly motivated with positive attitude and strong work ethic Passionate about the company mission Education: BS or BA in Business Administration, Finance, Accounting or related field At Illumina, we strive to foster a diverse and inclusive workplace by cultivating an environment in which everyone contributes to our mission. Built on a strong foundation, Illumina has always been rooted in openness, collaboration, and seeking alternative views and perspectives to propel innovation in genomics. We are proud to confirm a zero-net gap in pay, regardless of gender, ethnicity, or race. We also have several Employee Resource Groups (ERG) that deliver career development experiences, increase cultural awareness, and demonstrate our collective commitment to diversity and inclusion in the communities we live and work. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer committed to providing employment opportunity regardless of sex, race, creed, color, gender, religion, marital status, domestic partner status, age, national origin or ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, sexual orientation, pregnancy, military or veteran status, citizenship status, and genetic information. If you require accommodation to complete the application or interview process, please contact accommodations@illumina.com. To learn more, visit: https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf"
215,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=22d6f709dccd249c&fccid=349b48431835073f&vjs=3,"SOLUTE Inc., established in San Diego, CA and with operations in Colorado, Florida, Maryland, New Jersey and Virginia, is an innovative and dynamic organization that specializes in the fields of Engineering, Cyber Security, Enterprise Architecture, Program Management, Avionics Design, and more. We are currently looking for an experienced and motivated individual to join our Accounting and Contracts teams. The successful candidate will be a key member of the team and participate in a wide range of accounting, contracts and financial analysis tasks.  Responsibilities Analyze and interpret complex government contracts and build out contract structure in ERP system Prepare monthly contract billings and project financial status reports Analyze funding/revenue/cost profile of contracts, prepare financial forecasts and analyze deviations from budget Work with customers, subcontractors and internal corporate teams to track contract deliverables and to ensure financial targets are met Develop, follow and implement internal control procedures and help ensure interdepartmental compliance Responsible for month-end activities, including account reconciliations and journal entries Analyze financial statements, research variances and develop trend forecasts Work with external auditors, conduct research, prepare documentation and ensure timely completion of audit requests Prepare tax schedules, research tax issues and develop solutions Review timecards and prepare payroll as needed Assist with special projects and additional duties as assigned Maintain strict confidentiality of sensitive information  Requirements Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting or Finance 3+ years of experience in a similar role CPA preferred Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Solid understanding of GAAP and accrual accounting concepts Ability to read and analyze technical forms and financial reports Prior experience working with Jamis or other accounting software Proficient in Word and Excel Must be able to meet strict deadlines Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and to manage multiple projects simultaneously Self-starter, driven with superior attention to detail Benefits Benefits include: Medical, Dental and Vision 401(k) Plan with company matching contributions Paid Time Off (PTO) and 10 paid Holidays Educational assistance SOLUTE is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, marital status, veteran status or any other applicable legally protected status or characteristic."
216,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=615ca453d51f0bc2&fccid=8975677ab32199de&vjs=3,
217,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=d9cd84688a910a74&fccid=aaa0f84fa24e972f&vjs=3,Required Skills / Capabilities
218,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=e91d8a1288b4667b&fccid=85dff11949e082b6&vjs=3,
219,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=14dc745c64cf93f2&fccid=669d8ae03536bd6a&vjs=3,"COMPANY OVERVIEW Westcore is a fully-integrated commercial real estate investment company with institutional scale and capabilities, that operates with the speed and adaptability of opportunistic entrepreneurs. Westcore has a dynamic track record of real estate investing going back to its founding in 2000. We focus on well-located industrial properties in the Western United States. We are a vertically integrated company with expertise in all facets of real estate investment management: acquisitions, finance, asset management, leasing, construction and building operations. To better support our finance team and the anticipated doubling of our portfolio over the next few years, Westcore has added the position for a well rounded and experienced Senior Financial Analyst. POSITION SUMMARY This position will focus on aspects related to real estate acquisition, corporate finance, and asset management. They will assist in the underwriting and financial due diligence of acquisition deals, support asset management in the investment analysis and decisions, and routinely provide valuations and financial forecast of our assets. The Senior Financial Analysts provides resources, tools, and financial investment insights across all departments within the company. CORE ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES: Provide financial underwriting for new acquisitions with duties to analyze financial statements, build cash flow models, conduct market research, and analyze investment returns. Assist in the writing and preparation of presentations and memos to investment committee. Perform various due diligence activities which include reviewing lease documents, comparing historical financials to underwriting, reviewing physical assessment reports, and assisting in providing loan packages to lenders Lead the budgeting and forecasting process by collaborating with all departments and utilizing Yardi and financial models to build property and consolidated projected financials. PRIMARY DUTIES: (The below list is not comprehensive, and priorities will change on a day to day basis) Periodically update and maintain various valuation models for owned and managed properties. Prepare acquisition and disposition transition reports to be used by various departments throughout the Company Produce and present valuations on a quarterly basis using Argus and discounted cash flow models. Assist in the preparation of investor reporting and present property level financials and performance to all departments Prepare hold sell analysis of currently owned assets to help drive decision making. Prepare pro forma financials models, including discounted cash flows and IRR calculations Update and maintain financial models that track investment performance. Provide investment analysis on decisions related to leasing and capital expenditures. Coordinate and communicate routine and non-routine deliverables to the finance, acquisitions, operations, and accounting departments DESIRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE  BA/BS degree in Finance, Real Estate, Economics, Math, or related field Graduate degree, CFA, or CPA a plus 3+ years of commercial real estate, investment management, or financial analysis experience. Strong financial modeling skills. Knowledge in real estate accounting and financial statement analysis Basic understanding of real estate agreements including leases, purchase and sale agreements, loan agreements, partnership agreements. Proficiency in Argus and Excel OUR MISSION Utilize our expertise and experience to recognize market inefficiencies, quickly deploy capital and talent to act on opportunities, deliver superior outcomes to stakeholders, and strive for excellence in everything we do. OUR CORE VALUES Westcore values its employees and works to create an environment where professional and personal growth can be achieved. We look for motivated individuals who share our commitment to excellence. Our employees are supported by an environment where mentoring is encouraged, and where tools and resources to succeed are readily available. Our company lives by its values, treating each other with respect and consideration at all times. Integrity: We behave ethically, honestly and respectfully. Excellence: We execute brilliantly. We are accountable for our performance and deliver high quality results. Teamwork: We are a group of people with diverse talents working to produce positive synergistic results. Balance: We work hard while embracing our commitment to family, friends and community. Commitment: We foster a culture of service, responsiveness, accountability, and professionalism."
220,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=0a2d31b107535191&fccid=1361608bf7b0a25d&vjs=3,"With a history dating back to 1925, Alliant Insurance Services is one of the nation’s leading distributors of diversified insurance products and services. As one of the 10 largest insurance brokerage firms in the U.S., Alliant operates through a national network of offices providing property and casualty, workers’ compensation, employee benefits, surety, and financial products and services to clients nationwide. More information is available on the company's web site at: www.alliant.com. SUMMARY Responsible for providing analytical support to operating group leadership and the Corporate Finance management team. Key responsibilities include management reporting and analysis, financial modeling, forecasting, budgeting, and process improvement. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Provides broad analytical support to assigned operating group(s) and acts as a liaison between Finance and other operational departments; Analyzes and interprets financial results, comparing actual performance to prior periods, budgets, and forecasts. Clearly articulates to management the narrative behind the numbers; Designs and prepares ad hoc and standard management reporting. Proactively seeks opportunities to provide increasingly insightful reports to management; Independently constructs moderate to complex financial models to analyze the impact of current and proposed company initiatives; Leads the forecasting and budgeting processes for assigned operating group(s). Creates and maintains planning templates and reports, helps to construct revenue and expense plans, identifies and analyzes variances, challenges and redirects business assumptions as needed; Organizes and analyzes large quantities of data and performs data reconciliations to ensure accuracy of work products. Identifies and interprets patterns and outliers in the data set and provides insight into the meaning of the data; Partners with IT to develop and maintain integrity of financial systems used for analysis; Proactively identifies areas for process improvement and implements methods to reduce error rates and maximize productivity and efficiency; Completes special projects as assigned to support corporate objectives; Other duties as assigned. QUALIFICATIONS EDUCATION / EXPERIENCE Bachelor’s degree in Accounting, Finance, Economics or Mathematics, or related field or equivalent combination of education and experience 5+ years related work experience; specifically in a FP&A role Strong understanding of financial computer systems and data systems Graduate degree or professional certification (FP&A, CPA, CFP, etc.) a plus SKILLS Excellent verbal and written communication skills, polished presentation skills Strong planning, organizational, and time management skills Ability to prioritize multiple concurrent assignments and complete work by required due dates Strong ability to interpret and analyze financial statements Strong mathematical ability Technical understanding of data structure, data mining and reporting processes Highly proactive; actively seeks opportunities for process improvement Ability to interact professionally with employees across all levels of organization Works independently with minimal supervision and as a member of a team Proficient in Microsoft Office products, with advanced Excel skills and familiarity with Access We are proud to provide comprehensive, high quality employee programs to meet employees’ needs now and in the future, including a very competitive financial package. We encourage you to explore what we have to offer. For immediate consideration for this position, please click on the “Submit Resume” button. Alliant Insurance Services, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, age, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status or any other protected status. If you are applying for a job and need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please call our Career Center at 1-877-901-9473 and let us know the nature of your request and contact information. #LI-PT1"
221,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=f990a57dda739989&fccid=3b89b9ec324f96c8&vjs=3,"At Siemens, we are always challenging ourselves to build a better future. We need the most innovative and diverse Digital Minds to develop tomorrow’s reality. Find out more about the Digital world of Siemens here: www.siemens.com/careers/digitalminds Job Title: Data Analyst - Financial Reporting Data Steward -SISW-261077 Job Category: Software Reporting to the Finance Director of Performance Reporting, this position will support the financial reporting needs of the Siemens Digital Industries Software business unit. This position responsibilities include managing data assets and ensuring trusted data quality across Finance and the enterprise reporting environment. The Performance Reporting organization serves as a strategic partner to Siemens Digital Industries Software enabling efforts to drive Growth and Profitability by providing excellence in performance reporting and business insight. Support a strong financial reporting infrastructure of global systems and processes involving all aspects of information management and technology for the organization Maintain master data and related reporting hierarchies specific to the business unit financial and management reporting Implement controls and processes to mitigate data quality risks including monitoring data quality results, reports and dashboards Provide transparency to master data and reporting hierarchies via dashboards Create and support data quality analysis and automation using tools like Alteryx or KNIME Partner with technical teams on systems and data structures Responsible for assuring quality and trust in the data, supporting standard definitions for the organization to follow, and maintaining a consistent use of data resources across the organization Assist with major data and organizational changes that impact reporting structures Provide guidance and assistance to the finance organization on data governance processes 4-6+ years related business experience Experience with metadata, master data, reference data, and data management systems Passion for data accuracy and support governance and consistency Understand of relational databases and hierarchical data schemes Knowledge of the impacts of master data and reporting hierarchies within a complex management reporting ecosystem Experience with Business Intelligence tools like Alteryx, KNIME, Tableau & Qlikview Ability to write, read and interpret SQL for report and dashboard development Knowledge of master data maintenance in SAP and Data Relationship Management tools Familiarity with SAP ERP modules FI and CO and experience with related master data Well-versed in the business uses of financial data, business terms, and the data elements related to financial transactions Quick Learner – business systems, data intersections, reporting, organizational structure Perceptive of up and down stream impacts Professional and customer focused with developed project, organization and time management skills Self-starter who prioritizes multiple projects with competing deadlines and is motivated to promote change Process driven; detailed, transactional, efficient, effective Master Data, Governance or Business Intelligence certifications or related experience Qualifications Key Responsibilities Job Description Job Location: United States, Wilsonville, OR Company: SISW - Siemens EDA #LI-MGRP #LI-KM1 Organization: Digital Industries Company: Siemens Industry Software Inc. Experience Level: Experienced Professional Job Type: Full-time Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Siemens is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, citizenship status, ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability unrelated to ability, marital status, family responsibilities, pregnancy, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity, transgender, sex stereotyping, order of protection status, protected veteran or military status, or an unfavorable discharge from military service, and other categories protected by federal, state or local law.  EEO is the Law Applicants and employees are protected under Federal law from discrimination. To learn more, Click here.  Pay Transparency Non-Discrimination Provision Siemens follows Executive Order 11246, including the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision. To learn more, Click here.  California Privacy Notice California residents have the right to receive additional notices about their personal information. To learn more, click here."
222,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0D8crn-YM6x7IQoSNnEBoVgmt9RccLWLqLeBizUaTtDVuyIHDC0H4srq2fUwOJEHznVKZTfEmf9yVVOH3rvOSLC-fpnK32EiJROgcXX3IMczsOYUKSd2nbRYwkP7TNUdHuxI6om6JI6lNzlE8uhEn0NFhSX6hth7Pr6BqEtDScHKO5Y7GUF6X_IC9NAe-kmMipBP-rZD0_9jB1xxULdaSVxJGlLvgMmSvy9sJP1BGSzzOupZkfjcWgcIHKaJvUvAFjcxVKoJ3jw_WM5wwaJTyMnDi5iEK1x4LVbYeOXBLM0vhmFca2GOmnbGXWCYtxObNOBMccvb88VEH9iU6U7lkPYHj-IyzG8T-m7NgGexwFUPhqmFHJZRDZaFOCdUyxinMS93yt3_aintRn6-NB4gVeIQPKdpHTQ5drKAm4cgMYorwfM81PydtLpBIIn5CT9eDDTyD_3CAYTagzS1jVS5_Rpy5hjoi8Gh9eslIbHqJXS6YkQawRfn-PXTvl04lwlogealQKh2hKV-0RQHv59uFPy93C65YVwltF9TcT0-YUQ-haGqoqAVJrH&p=11&fvj=0&vjs=3,"A fast growing Real Estate company in San Diego, Ca is seeking a Financial Planning and Analysis Specialist to join their team. This position will be part of a large and well-established organization. We are seeking an individual who is strong in financial planning, analysis, and dealing with revenues and cost structures. This company offers work life balance, a great working environment and benefits. Apply today! Duties: Updating and maintaining the Argus property level models for all leasing and budgeting activities. Reconciling Argus back to the MRI accounting system to ensure the accuracy of the forecasting models. Support with the corporate budgeting process. Provide financial underwriting for new acquisitions by building cash flow models in Argus, analyzing investment returns in Excel, and evaluating the financial impact of various investment scenarios.  Requirements: Business Degree, preferably in Finance, Accounting, or Economics. 2 to 3 years of Real Estate industry related experience preferred. Experience with Argus Enterprise preferred. Experience in real estate financial modeling preferred. Complete understanding of basic financial concepts such as IRRs, NPVs, time value of money, etc  #ZR #LI-POST #hotjobs"
223,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9ebdf21b7dfc2e37&fccid=10b5a4abcc6bf067&vjs=3, 
224,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=3fee5e445bdde699&fccid=ded9605952442cb4&vjs=3,
225,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=f87e0c49ecb93e32&fccid=a5c381a5b33228a1&vjs=3,"Job Title  Sr. Financial Analyst  Job Description Summary  Job Description  Job description: Region Financial consulting team. The position requires the preparation and discussion of complex and sophisticated discounted cash flow financial models for a broad range of commercial real estate projects.  The position requires familiarity with GAAP standards as they relate to lease reporting (ASC 842).  Transaction analysis would include lease comparisons, lease restructures, lease vs. buy, acquisitions/dispositions, strategic real estate alternatives, subleases, relocations, build-to suit transactions and other customized projects.  Principal Responsibilities  Prepares complex and sophisticated cash flow and GAAP analyses, lease comparisons, lease restructures, lease vs. buy, acquisitions/dispositions, strategic real estate alternatives, subleases, sale leaseback’s, cancellations/buyouts, relocations, build-to suits, and other strategic real estate alternatives Makes recommendations to brokers, their clients, and other service line professionals Reads, abstracts and analyzes complex legal real estate related documentation to include leases, financing/loan agreements, mortgage documents, partnership agreements, and corporate financial statements for relevant financial information that will impact the assignment Prepares clear, concise, and presentation ready documentation and spreadsheets that support and explain the basis of the analyses for use in client presentations, proposals and/or reports Participates with C&W brokers, or other C&W professionals, in client meetings to present and discuss analyses as needed May discuss analysis summaries and findings with clients Assists in the quality control efforts of the National Financial Consulting group to ensure that all client presentation materials are professional, accurate, high impact and reflect the standards of quality normally associated with C&W work product May assist and participate in strategy sessions in preparation for conferences with clients  Desired Skills and Experience  Minimum Qualifications  Bachelors degree preferably in Finance, Accounting, Real Estate or related business areas CPA strongly preferred 4 - 5 years of financial analysis experience in commercial real estate occupancy analytics  Software competency: Required: Microsoft Office, Excel, PowerPoint, Preferred: Microsoft SharePoint, Access, Argus  Required Skills  High competence level in utilizing and designing Excel spreadsheets / models. Experience with ARGUS, Pro Calc, or other commercial real estate specialized financial software a plus. A working knowledge of GAAP for lease analyses and other types of real estate transactions Possess excellent problem solving skills  Displays competences with application of Excel macros, Sphisticated charts, graphs, and tables  Strong knowledge and demonstrated competence in working with computers, analytical and word processing software as well as Sperior knowledge and skill using Excel and PowerPoint Cushman & Wakefield provides equal employment opportunity. Discrimination of any type will not be tolerated. Cushman & Wakefield is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by state, federal, or local law."
226,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=f87e0c49ecb93e32&fccid=a5c381a5b33228a1&vjs=3,"Job Title  Sr. Financial Analyst  Job Description Summary  Job Description  Job description: Region Financial consulting team. The position requires the preparation and discussion of complex and sophisticated discounted cash flow financial models for a broad range of commercial real estate projects.  The position requires familiarity with GAAP standards as they relate to lease reporting (ASC 842).  Transaction analysis would include lease comparisons, lease restructures, lease vs. buy, acquisitions/dispositions, strategic real estate alternatives, subleases, relocations, build-to suit transactions and other customized projects.  Principal Responsibilities  Prepares complex and sophisticated cash flow and GAAP analyses, lease comparisons, lease restructures, lease vs. buy, acquisitions/dispositions, strategic real estate alternatives, subleases, sale leaseback’s, cancellations/buyouts, relocations, build-to suits, and other strategic real estate alternatives Makes recommendations to brokers, their clients, and other service line professionals Reads, abstracts and analyzes complex legal real estate related documentation to include leases, financing/loan agreements, mortgage documents, partnership agreements, and corporate financial statements for relevant financial information that will impact the assignment Prepares clear, concise, and presentation ready documentation and spreadsheets that support and explain the basis of the analyses for use in client presentations, proposals and/or reports Participates with C&W brokers, or other C&W professionals, in client meetings to present and discuss analyses as needed May discuss analysis summaries and findings with clients Assists in the quality control efforts of the National Financial Consulting group to ensure that all client presentation materials are professional, accurate, high impact and reflect the standards of quality normally associated with C&W work product May assist and participate in strategy sessions in preparation for conferences with clients  Desired Skills and Experience  Minimum Qualifications  Bachelors degree preferably in Finance, Accounting, Real Estate or related business areas CPA strongly preferred 4 - 5 years of financial analysis experience in commercial real estate occupancy analytics  Software competency: Required: Microsoft Office, Excel, PowerPoint, Preferred: Microsoft SharePoint, Access, Argus  Required Skills  High competence level in utilizing and designing Excel spreadsheets / models. Experience with ARGUS, Pro Calc, or other commercial real estate specialized financial software a plus. A working knowledge of GAAP for lease analyses and other types of real estate transactions Possess excellent problem solving skills  Displays competences with application of Excel macros, Sphisticated charts, graphs, and tables  Strong knowledge and demonstrated competence in working with computers, analytical and word processing software as well as Sperior knowledge and skill using Excel and PowerPoint Cushman & Wakefield provides equal employment opportunity. Discrimination of any type will not be tolerated. Cushman & Wakefield is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by state, federal, or local law."
227,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=67fab1ce5464c407&fccid=b1ea7cb654ea83e8&vjs=3,
228,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=f7fe0118f29279a4&fccid=59867e5a232c7b5c&vjs=3,"General Atomics Aeronautical Systems, Inc. (GA-ASI), an affiliate of General Atomics, is a world leader in proven, reliable remotely piloted aircraft and tactical reconnaissance radars, as well as advanced high-resolution surveillance systems.  We have an exciting opportunity for an experienced Program Financial Analyst to join the Program Planning & Control group at General Atomics Aeronautical Systems located in Poway, CA. This position, under general direction is responsible for supporting programs teams plan and budget work, track financial performance and develop estimates at completion. This person must be able to work in a fast-paced, multi-tasking environment, with the capacity to provide ad hoc reporting and analysis.   DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Supports program managers in planning and budgeting work, tracking incurred spending, anticipated future spending, and expected profit margins. Develops performance baselines with integrated schedules. Supports program managers in the development of Estimates at Complete (EACs) for a variety of contract types. Works cross-functionally with Program Management, Contracts and Accounting to support successful program execution and issue resolution. Conducts financial analysis and reporting of cost and schedule performance utilizing Earned Value Management System (EVMS) techniques. Provide International Offset/Industrial Cooperation financial support. Prepares customer cost and schedule reports. Supports program risk & opportunity management. Updates and maintains project work breakdown structure. Prepares contract funding status reports. Performs cash flow analysis. Assists with unbilled accounts receivable analysis. Reviews and approves purchasing requests. Maintains the strict confidentiality of sensitive information. Preforms other duties as assigned or required. We recognize and appreciate the value and contributions of individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences and welcome all qualified individuals to apply. Job Qualifications: Typically requires a bachelor's degree in business administration with an emphasis in accounting and/or finance and ten or more years of progressive cost accounting experience in a corporate environment, preferably with a government contractor. May substitute equivalent experience in lieu of education. Demonstrates a detailed and extensive expertise in and application of industry and government cost accounting principles, theories, concepts, standards, and practices, as well as project leadership skills including organizing, scheduling, conducting, and coordinating work assignments to meet project milestones. Must be able to contribute to the development of new financial processes or systems. Must be customer focused and possess: (1) the ability to identify issues and develop solutions to a variety of complex problems of diverse scope and complexity; (2) excellent analytical, verbal and written communication skills to accurately document, report, and present accounting and finance findings: (3) excellent interpersonal skills to influence and guide all levels of employees, including senior managers and senior external parties on accounting and finance matters; (4) the ability to maintain the confidentiality of sensitive information; (5) the ability to represent the department or company on projects. Experience preparing contractually required financial reports (IPMR, CFSR, CSDR, etc) highly desirable. Familiarity with Earned Value Management techniques as part of financial management is highly desirable. SAP experience desirable. Experience utilizing an earned value tool (MPM, EVM forProject, Empower) is desirable. Ability to work independently or in a team environment is essential. Ability to work extended hours and travel as required. US Citizenship is required."
229,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5de098405dbd1dca&fccid=925a1f6abf9582bb&vjs=3,"[ Location This position is based in San Diego County.  Hours Full Time position.  Required Skills and Qualifications Bachelor’s degree. Minimum five (5) years of recent experience in a senior level Financial Analyst position. Must have at least five (5) years of recent experience with accounting, finance, budgeting, especially with items relating to the public sector systems and public finance. Must have experience with setting up systems to collect and analyze data and write accurate meaningful reports.  Preferred Skills and Qualifications Master's degree. Certified Public Accountant (CPA) Knowledge of public contract law, the architectural and engineering design process, construction cost reporting, construction documents, cost modeling and project management.  This position administers the Financial and Program Controls portion of the Grossmont Healthcare District Prop. G Program. This includes tracking design, new construction, remodel, and renovation projects for Sharp HealthCare at Grossmont Hospital Campus as a part of this program.  The Facilities Management and Development division provides strategic directions, coordination and project management services for facility construction and improvement projects. In addition, it is responsible for property management services relating to Sharp-owned and leased space, including lease negotiation and administration, as well as system wide centralized records storage and archiving, courier services and postal processing. The department employees ten project managers and two construction inspectors.  Sharp System Services have campuses located in the communities of Kearny Mesa and Serra Mesa and consist of the Spectrum location, the Ruffin Road location and Sharp Operations Center (SOC). These offices provide the centralized integrated system support services to the operating entities within the system. These services include: Strategic Planning, Business Development, Information Technology, Compliance, Internal Audit, Legal, Risk Management and Insurance, Contracts, Human Resources, Facilities Management and Development, Clinical Effectiveness, Finance, Nursing, Systems Supply Chain Services, Marketing and Communications, The Sharp Experience and Sharp University.  Sharp HealthCare is proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, gender identity, transgender status, sexual orientation, protected veteran status or any other protected class."
230,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=6681960808d2a395&fccid=8524239b088a6649&vjs=3,"Summary As a Sr. Financial Analyst II, you will be key in supporting the Clinical and Segment Marketing organization with reporting and analysis that will enable decision-making and help the organization reach its goals. You will be given a broad range of tasks related to the this team’s Marketing goals and operational activities. This role will provide you with the opportunity to work in a fast-paced and challenging environment while supporting a variety of stakeholders within Finance and the Marketing team. Responsibilities: This role will be the key lead for operating expense financial planning and analysis for the Segment (part of Regional Marketing) and Clinical & IVD (part of GPM) Marketing teams. Provide deep insight into marketing spend activity variances with a view to helping management understand their impact on overall performance. Support monthly/quarterly close process as it pertains to operating expense management, general ledger reviews, headcount reviews, accruals, and other related processes Provide financial support for new product business cases for all development gates (concept through post launch) including incremental cash flow and ROI, cross functional assumption vetting and documenting, scenario and sensitivity analysis, and financial model process planning and communications. Develop standardized and impactful financial slides for PAC, SPAC and other executive NPI project reviews. Provide financial analysis and modeling support for existing segments and customers and for evaluating new market opportunities. Provide insights and analysis for key clinical or customer dashboards. Partner with Segment and Clinical Marketing to develop pricing promotion and NPI project pricing financial analysis and slides for executive reviews. Review actuals and meet with Marketing teams to agree forecast assumptions for monthly forecasting process and ensure accurate inputs into financial system at each forecast “snap.” Provide month end reporting and analysis to stakeholders to drive insights and spend management. Actively participate in the preparation of financial reporting package focused on performance related to the Marketing organizations to the appropriate executive management audiences. Assist Finance AD with Marketing Management team’s annual budgeting and long-range platform and strategic planning cycles. Input and maintain Marketing program spend budget in Hive 9 Marketing program planning tool and influence Marketing tool compliance and understanding. Track Marketing headcount and open requisitions and collaborate with talent acquisition team to forecast hiring timing and cost assumptions. Support continuous improvement initiatives in Marketing finance in such areas as overall KPI content, as well as help improve forecast accuracy levels etc. Ad hoc financial support analysis in collaboration with Strategy and Partnership Finance teams for M&A or partnerships deals. Perform any other tasks or ad hoc projects as needed. Listed responsibilities are an essential, but not exhaustive list, of the usual duties associated with the position. Changes to individual responsibilities may occur due to business needs. Requirements: Strong hands-on experience with SAP is preferred; exposure to Cognos TM1 is a plus Successful track record of effectively interfacing with Marketing personnel to identify, support, and execute on value-added ideas to improve profitability Attention to details, strong analytical background as it pertains to understanding and explaining variances Ability to influence cross functionally and solve complex problems Strong Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint skills required; Must be comfortable working with and analyzing large data files All listed requirements are deemed as essential functions to this position; however, business conditions may require reasonable accommodations for additional task and responsibilities. Experience/Education: 8 years in Finance, preferably working with Marketing or Commercial teams Bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Finance, Accounting, or related field CPA/CMA a plus At Illumina, we strive to foster a diverse and inclusive workplace by cultivating an environment in which everyone contributes to our mission. Built on a strong foundation, Illumina has always been rooted in openness, collaboration, and seeking alternative views and perspectives to propel innovation in genomics. We are proud to confirm a zero-net gap in pay, regardless of gender, ethnicity, or race. We also have several Employee Resource Groups (ERG) that deliver career development experiences, increase cultural awareness, and demonstrate our collective commitment to diversity and inclusion in the communities we live and work. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer committed to providing employment opportunity regardless of sex, race, creed, color, gender, religion, marital status, domestic partner status, age, national origin or ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, sexual orientation, pregnancy, military or veteran status, citizenship status, and genetic information. If you require accommodation to complete the application or interview process, please contact accommodations@illumina.com. To learn more, visit: https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf"
231,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=c2a34faf077f16cb&fccid=24a3456d3ce2ad08&vjs=3,"The Finance team’s goal is to be a trusted and collaborative partner to all the businesses and functional teams that we work with, bringing business acumen, financial expertise and insights to aid decision-making and deliver value to our stakeholders. We strive to generate value through providing specialist advice and making recommendations to optimize decision making, delivering transparent processes and implementing governance and controls to mitigate risk. Let's talk about the team and you: ResMed is the industry leader in providing innovative products and services that improve the lives of millions of people worldwide who have respiratory disorders. We are seeking a talented individual to join our North America Sales finance team. We are currently seeking a Sr Financial Analyst to support our North America Sales & Marketing teams. This position will be based at our San Diego headquarters and will report to the Head of Finance, North America CMG. Let's talk about Responsibilities Partner with Sales & Marketing leadership to define reporting requirements and establish/automate Review reporting outputs, proactively identify trends and resolve data errors Strategically combine sales data with other internal/external data to enrich insights Provide recommendations to Sales & Marketing leadership regarding cost saving and profitability improvement strategies. Coordinate and prepare documents for monthly forecast and close meetings with finance leadership. Organize data and analyze variances to determine present and future financial performance. Systematically identify trends and recommend improvements accordingly. Establish and maintain databases of pertinent information for use in analyzing future plans and forecasts. Coordinate with all levels of management to gather, analyze, summarize, and prepare recommendations regarding financial plans and operating forecasts. Provide ad hoc support to broader Sales & Marketing teams on an as needed basis Let's talk about Qualifications and Experience Minimum 2 years of experience in a commercial facing FP&A role, preferably in the Healthcare industry Bachelor's degree (B. A.) from a four-year College or university in Finance, Economics, Statistics, Management Information Systems or a related discipline Must be a strong communicator with the ability to present complex strategies to a varied audience – both verbally and in writing Must be a self-starter and have a strong process orientation when approaching daily work as well as problem solving opportunities Must have strong analytical capabilities and experience with: running reports, performing analysis and creating presentation materials Requires ability to perform advanced spreadsheet modeling and maintenance in Microsoft Excel Requires excellent understanding and use of Microsoft Word, Access and PowerPoint Must possess the ability to quickly learn system data-mining processes Desirable ERP experience such as Oracle Oracle, Cognos Analytics, Anaplan, TM1 or other business intelligence system experience #LI-DS1 Joining us is more than saying “yes” to making the world a healthier place. It’s discovering a career that’s challenging, supportive and inspiring. Where a culture driven by excellence helps you not only meet your goals, but also create new ones. We focus on creating a diverse and inclusive culture, encouraging individual expression in the workplace and thrive on the innovative ideas this generates. If this sounds like the workplace for you, apply now!"
232,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a49d3ae185681255&fccid=8975677ab32199de&vjs=3,
233,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=2e5bcf7fd765665d&fccid=ded9605952442cb4&vjs=3,
234,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=502744ec1064ae5f&fccid=aaa0f84fa24e972f&vjs=3,
235,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=fc7f78a0ad55fc2b&fccid=ded9605952442cb4&vjs=3,
236,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=6b486eb2e1872c07&fccid=8aa75bac74b901c4&vjs=3,
237,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=6dc3b757bf2b79cd&fccid=920e697cdf154a3c&vjs=3,"Fully remote for 12+ years, Goodway has an award-winning virtual culture, and is growing! This position can be located anywhere in the United States.  A Digital Analyst at Goodway Group may be a bit more technical than at other organizations! The ideal candidate will have solid experience with SQL, Tableau, and fluid in working with big data, marketing performance metrics, and stitching together large data sets in order to provide meaningful insights to our clients! Our Digital Analyst will be a key part of our Media Solutions team, responsible for assisting with program development, campaign optimization opportunities, and possible testing activities. Drives analysis of marketing campaigns and initiatives to identify tactics for optimizing marketing, marketing efficiency, and marketing effectiveness. Supports integrated media and channel team members in the execution of the marketing strategy and analytics. Defines success metrics, makes assessments of marketing channels and operations and helps with marketing campaign optimization efforts. Provides reports, dashboards, and ad-hoc analyses with recommendations. What You'll Do Collects data to measure & analyze return-on-investment across several key marketing and business initiatives Perform campaign data analysis to understand the lift & ROI associated with each program to aid in the development of future strategies Provide recommendations on analytical methodologies and frameworks to be utilized for various analytical projects Work with cross-functional teams on the day-to-day execution of analytics projects & initiatives Generate reports, documentation, and insights as part of the analysis process. Produce expected performance measures including lifts, efficiencies, and other measures Execute appropriate quality control procedures for analysis, reporting, and data visualization for accuracy Support the building of analytical capabilities and solutions (segmentation, modeling, campaign evaluations, etc.) that enable analytics to support the strategic goals of the Company Review, analyze and present qualitative and quantitative analysis and data to internal and external stakeholders Ensure quality and timeliness of deliverables that meet expectations while balancing business needs with the appropriate level of analytical rigor Leverage story-telling skills to deliver insights that are clear, concise, and actionable Who You Are Customer-Centric- Dedicated to meeting and exceeding expectations to customers, establishes and maintains effective relationships with customers Relationship Builder- Finds common ground/solves problems for the good of all, solves problems with peers, is a team player, collaborates, and supports peers. Focused on Outcomes - Spends his/her time and the time of others on what's important; quickly zeroes in on the critical few and puts the trivial many aside; can quickly sense what will help or hinder accomplishing a goal; eliminates roadblocks; creates focus Drives for Results - Can be counted on to exceed goals successfully; is constantly and consistently one of the top performers; very bottom-line oriented; steadfastly pushes self and others for results Efficient - Uses his/her time effectively and efficiently; values times; concentrates his/her efforts on the more important priorities; gets more done in less time than others; can attend to a broader range of activities What You Bring 4+ years of marketing, web, or customer analytics experience Strong knowledge of multiple digital channels and how they work together (SEM, SEO, CRO, Social, Shopping, Display, etc.) Experience across various verticals including e-commerce and lead generation Strong analytical skills, proficient with Microsoft Excel and data analysis Proficient using Tableau Software, SQL Experience working with and utilizing Google Analytics and attribution solutions Effective time management and project management skills Past role experience with marketing analysis role, specifically with paid media platforms (programmatic, search, social)- need to see examples (white label examples) Ideally, you have a strong understanding of direct response/performance marketing metrics such as visitor-to-lead and lead-to-sale ratios, sales revenue by channel, cost per lead, landing page conversion rate (CVR%), customer lifetime value (CLV or LTV), LTV: CAC ratios, customer retention rate (CRR), customer acquisition cost (CAC) Goodway Group is #3 on AdAge's Best Places to Work! Who We Are Goodway is on a mission to solve the most challenging business problems by offering a suite of proprietary digital marketing technologies and solutions. Our AdTech, AI, and data analytics capabilities intersect to create actionable insights and drive measurable results for our clients. We pair our offerings with strong consultative mindsets, heightened critical thinking, and white-glove service.  Recent accolades: 2021 Ad Age Best Places to Work 2020 Finalist Digiday Worklife Awards 2020 AdExchanger Programmatic Power Player 2020 MarTech breakthrough awards"
238,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ff12ff2fb7138ef0&fccid=3d30677097704d8f&vjs=3,"Businesses Collins Aerospace Job ID 01452200 Most Recent Date Posted 05/21/2021 City Chula Vista State California Country United States Date Posted: 2021-05-17-07:00 Country: United States of America Location: HCA21: Aerostructures - Chula Vista 850 Lagoon Blvd, Chula Vista, CA, 91910 USA Collins Aerospace is looking for an FP&A Sr. Analyst, NPI Program to join a team of intermediate to experienced Financial Planning and Analysis professionals who provide financial analysis, budgets, and forecasts to management. You will be responsible for preparation of forecasts and performance of financial modeling to develop recommendations to drive the business. You will conduct unit cost analysis and be responsible for development programs transitioning to production. You will have ownership of the financial aspects of recurring cost (bill of material maintenance, hours, overhead cost and supply chain cost) and may assist with specific tasks related to the business cases for these programs. In addition, you will frequently work cross-functionally with other areas of the business including, but not limited to, Program, Supply Chain, Central Operations and Engineering. **Position is currently remote, but will work onsite when circumstances permit** Primary Responsibilities Prepares financial analysis, research, budgets, and forecasts to support short-term business goals and decisions. Develops financial reports, cash flows and statistical analysis to recommend business decisions. Provides reports to functional or operational management on financial analysis results and recommendations. Engages across business functions to support cost initiatives Performs economic research and studies of rates of return, depreciation and investments. Generates forecasts and analyzes trends in operations, supply chain, programs, engineering and other areas of business for financial and strategic planning purposes. Creates financial models of ""what if"" scenarios to help future business planning decisions Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s degree and 5 years of relevant experience OR Advance degree and 3 years of relevant experience OR In absence of a degree, 9 years of relevant experience is required Experience working with large data sets Able to communicate and make presentations to senior and executive level leadership Experience managing multiple and varied tasks ERP experience MS Office experience, Excel: look ups, pivot tables, PowerPoint-create presentations Able to travel up to 5% of the time domestically and internationally (when current environment permits) Must be a U.S. Citizen Preferred Qualifications SAP, BI, Power Query, Power Pivot Experience Collins Aerospace, a Raytheon Technologies company, is a leader in technologically advanced and intelligent solutions for the global aerospace and defense industry. Collins Aerospace has the capabilities, comprehensive portfolio and expertise to solve customers’ toughest challenges and to meet the demands of a rapidly evolving global market. Collins Aerospace’s Aerostructures business is a world leader in the design, manufacture, integration and support of nacelles - the aerodynamic structures which house aircraft engines. Our nacelle technologies improve fuel efficiency, reduce engine noise and supply critical stopping power when an airplane lands. Today, our innovative nacelle systems are featured on many of the world’s newest and most game-changing commercial, regional and business jet platforms. And we’re not stopping there: we’re working hard to create the next generation of nacelles that are greener, quieter and more efficient. In addition, our Engineered Polymer Products division is a leading developer and manufacturer of advanced, high-performance composite and elastomeric structures and products for marine applications. Whether in the air or underwater, we’re pushing the limits of innovation. Want to join us on this important journey? Diversity drives innovation; inclusion drives success. We believe a multitude of approaches and ideas enable us to deliver the best results for our workforce, workplace, and customers. We are committed to fostering a culture where all employees can share their passions and ideas so we can tackle the toughest challenges in our industry and pave new paths to limitless possibility. WE ARE REDEFINING AEROSPACE. Some of our competitive benefits package includes: Medical, dental, and vision insurance Three weeks of vacation for newly hired employees Generous 401(k) plan that includes employer matching funds and separate employer retirement contribution, including a Lifetime Income Strategy option Tuition reimbursement Life insurance and disability coverage Optional coverages you can buy: Pet Insurance, Home and Auto, additional life insurance, accident insurance, critical illness insurance, group legal Ovia Health, fertility and family planning Employee Assistance Plan, including up to 5 free counseling sessions Redbrick - Incentives for a Healthy You Autism Benefit Doctor on Demand, virtual doctor visits Adoption Assistance Best Doctors, second opinion program And more! Nothing matters more to Collins Aerospace than our strong ethical and safety commitments. As such, all U.S. positions require a background check, which may include a drug screen. Note: Background check and drug screen required (every external new hire in the U.S.) Drug Screen only performed on re-hires who have been gone for more than 1 year Raytheon Technologies is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class. Privacy Policy and Terms: Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms"
239,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=758b2b660c94b3e6&fccid=da33f48dbeb2e889&vjs=3," All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. Eurofins is a M/F, Disabled, and Veteran Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer."
240,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=2431a0c18f06cad3&fccid=ded9605952442cb4&vjs=3,
241,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9391e9a68d24fcbc&fccid=3d30677097704d8f&vjs=3,"Businesses Collins Aerospace Job ID 01460620 Most Recent Date Posted 07/09/2021 City Chula Vista State California Country United States Date Posted: 2021-07-01-07:00 Country: United States of America Location: HCA21: Aerostructures - Chula Vista 850 Lagoon Blvd, Chula Vista, CA, 91910 USA Collins Aerospace is looking for a Senior FP&A Analyst, Military Program who will coordinate multi-functional departmental information into military financial plans. You will directly support and provide financial analysis, forecasts, and recommendations to both ASG Finance and ASG Program leadership. You have responsibilities/opportunities to present financial packages to senior level leadership. In addition, you will be reporting to the Military FP&A Manager. Primary Responsibilities Coordinate multi-disciplined teams to develop financial and strategic plans to support newly won military programs. Develop the annual budget and recurring forecast process. Perform monthly financial variance analysis Analyze current and past trends in key performance indicators including all areas of revenue, cost of sales, expenses, capital expenditures, and on time delivery to provide visibility into business performance and areas to drive efficiency Subject matter expert on CAS, FAR/DFAR, DCAA/DCMA audits, TINA, government compliance as it relates to current and projected government programs Provide audit support for DCAA/DCMA and post award audits Work with program management team to understand and manage the ongoing relationships with each customer including reporting, analysis, contract re-negotiations and business growth strategies Effectively communicate financial results and trends to internal leadership and recommend appropriate course of action when results vary from forecast Plan, facilitate and implement ad hoc analysis or financial models to support decision making Drive changes to standard work across the organization. Foster a continuous improvement culture. Ensure internal financial controls environment is established and in compliance with US GAAP, SOX, CAS, and all international legal and statutory requirements Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s degree and 8 years of prior relevant experience OR Advanced Degree in a related field and minimum 5 years experience OR In absence of a degree, 12 years of relevant experience is required Must be a U.S. Citizen Financial Reporting and Analysis experience Detailed knowledge of key requirements, practices, and terms and conditions relating to the sale of products paid for by the Government including: Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), Supplement to the FAR such as VA, DoD, GSA, etc. and CAS (Cost Accounting Standards). Detailed knowledge of EVMS (Earned Value Management System) reporting Experience with Excel: Pivot Tables, Lookups PowerPoint, creating presentations Able to travel up to 10% when circumstances permit Preferred Qualifications Automated Reporting Tools: WebI, Business Warehouse etc. Master’s Degree Familiarity with the Aerospace industry SAP and HFM knowledge Comfortable working in a data driven, fast-paced, ambiguous, and entrepreneurial environment Ability to build relationships and foster a collaborative environment with all stakeholders Collins Aerospace, a Raytheon Technologies company, is a leader in technologically advanced and intelligent solutions for the global aerospace and defense industry. Collins Aerospace has the capabilities, comprehensive portfolio and expertise to solve customers’ toughest challenges and to meet the demands of a rapidly evolving global market. Collins Aerospace’s Aerostructures business is a world leader in the design, manufacture, integration and support of nacelles - the aerodynamic structures which house aircraft engines. Our nacelle technologies improve fuel efficiency, reduce engine noise and supply critical stopping power when an airplane lands. Today, our innovative nacelle systems are featured on many of the world’s newest and most game-changing commercial, regional and business jet platforms. And we’re not stopping there: we’re working hard to create the next generation of nacelles that are greener, quieter and more efficient. In addition, our Engineered Polymer Products division is a leading developer and manufacturer of advanced, high-performance composite and elastomeric structures and products for marine applications. Whether in the air or underwater, we’re pushing the limits of innovation. Want to join us on this important journey? Diversity drives innovation; inclusion drives success. We believe a multitude of approaches and ideas enable us to deliver the best results for our workforce, workplace, and customers. We are committed to fostering a culture where all employees can share their passions and ideas so we can tackle the toughest challenges in our industry and pave new paths to limitless possibility. WE ARE REDEFINING AEROSPACE. Some of our competitive benefits package includes: Medical, dental, and vision insurance Three weeks of vacation for newly hired employees Generous 401(k) plan that includes employer matching funds and separate employer retirement contribution, including a Lifetime Income Strategy option Employee Scholar Program, tuition reimbursement program Life insurance and disability coverage Optional coverages you can buy: Pet Insurance, Home and Auto, additional life insurance, accident insurance, critical illness insurance, group legal Ovia Health, fertility and family planning Employee Assistance Plan, including up to 5 free counseling sessions Incentives for a Healthy You Bright Horizons, back-up child / elder care and college coach resources Autism Benefit Doctor on Demand, virtual doctor visits Adoption Assistance Teladoc Medical Experts, second opinion program And more! Nothing matters more to Collins Aerospace than our strong ethical and safety commitments. As such, all U.S. positions require a background check, which may include a drug screen. Note: Background check and drug screen required (every external new hire in the U.S.) Drug Screen only performed on re-hires who have been gone for more than 1 year Raytheon Technologies is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class. Privacy Policy and Terms: Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms"
242,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8f5ffef3f1393bf1&fccid=7a38dc183210a759&vjs=3,"POSITION SUMMARY:  We are currently seeking Full Time Senior level Project Control Scheduler for natural gas and electric utility projects in San Diego.  Read through the RESPONSIBILITIES, QUALIFICATIONS, and DUTIES CAREFULLY to obtain a thorough understanding of the position and skill level we are seeking for this position. No relocation assistance is available for this position.   RESPONSIBILITIES:  The Project Control Scheduler position provides support to Project Managers on various Utility projects with minimal guidance of the Project Manager/PCA Supervisor. If assigned, may perform functions in the Project Support Function; the Central Data Management Function; and/or the Central Financial Analysis Functions. QUALIFICATIONS:   Minimum: Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or its equivalent in education and experienceMinimum 5 years of experience in cost accounting and schedulingExperienced in using Primavera P6 or higher and SAP   Desired: Certified Associate in Project Management (CAPM) or Project Management Professional (PMP) CertificationExperience managing construction projectsSuperior ability to interface with and across supporting organizationsExcellent communication and presentation skills   Duties: Responsible for project tracking, analysis and communication of project cost, scope and schedule.In coordination with Project Manager develop project schedule and cash flow/forecast plans with functional department input.Create, maintain and update schedules.Document, monitor and communicate project milestones and risks with appropriate stakeholders.Attend project status meetings, collect progress data and revise project plan as needed.Track commitment on detailed work plans including schedule, cost, resource, contingency and communication plansUse the cost and schedule plan to determine if project objectives are achievable.Prepare various scheduling reports and maintain forecast accuracy. Prepare project performance analysis, cost, and schedule status reports. Identify cost and schedule variances from objectives and recommend corrective action.Assess project risk and formulate contingency plans to mitigate the risks.Effectively complete multiple projects concurrently and provide guidance to engineering on producing complex risk and alternative analyses, studies and conceptual designs for presentation to project sponsor.   We are an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.   COMPENSATION/BENEFITS:  We offer excellent pay, benefits."
243,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8af066049ba25ed6&fccid=bba3b2578c9adb92&vjs=3,
244,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9e78c4b24125d2f6&fccid=2bc6c14c68440d18&vjs=3,"Status Category: Full-Time Exempt/Non-Exempt: Exempt Scheduled Hours Per Week: 40 Job Code: BI0603  With over 100 offices and nearly 5,000 associates in major metropolitan areas and suburban cities throughout the U.S. CBIZ (NYSE: CBZ) delivers top-level financial and employee business services to organizations of all sizes, as well as individual clients, by providing national-caliber expertise combined with highly personalized service delivered at the local level.  CBIZ has been honored to be the recipient of several national recognitions: 2020 Best Workplaces in Consulting & Professional Services by Great Place to Work®2020 Workplace Excellence Seal of Approval by the Alliance for Workplace ExcellenceTop 101 2020 Best and Brightest Companies to Work For in the Nation2020 Healthiest 100 Workplace in America2021 Top Workplaces USA  CBIZ Benefits & Insurance Services is a division of CBIZ, Inc., providing benefits consulting, HRIS technology, payroll, human capital management, property and casualty, talent and compensation solutions, and retirement & investment solutions to organizations of all sizes. CBIZ is ranked as a Top 20 Largest Broker of U.S. Business (Business Insurance Magazine) and a Top 100 Retirement Plan Adviser (PLANADVISER). Essential Functions and Primary Duties Coordinate and lead projects designed to provide data analytics to support decision making process Deliver advice about the financing of risk-benefit programs, such as self-insurance, multinational risk benefits pooling, and employee benefit captive work Support intellectual capital development and new business opportunities Coordinate and lead projects such as benefit benchmarking, cost-saving projects, and governance processes Proactively identify issues such as legislation and market practice that impact clients Coordinate and lead projects designed to measure and monitor metrics Additional responsibilities as assigned Preferred Qualifications Bachelor's Degree with emphasis in Math, Statistics, Accounting or Finance Minimum Qualifications High School Diploma or GED required Over 8 years of experience in benefits analysis for group employee benefits Must have the ability to compile, analyze, present, interpret financial, and statistical information to facilitate decision making Must maintain current required licenses and certifications relevant to the field of expertise Demonstrate industry experience; product knowledge, proposal process, underwriting, regulatory trends, and presentations skills Expertise in managing clients with alternative funding arrangements Advanced skill in using computer application software for financial modeling, statistical analysis, and spreadsheet calculations Expert knowledge of state and federal benefits legislation Sets priorities and manages workflow to ensure efficient, timely, and accurate deliverables Demonstrated ability to communicate verbally and in writing throughout all levels of the organization, both internally and externally Advanced problem solving and critical thinking skills Must be able to travel based on client and business needs  CBIZ.Jobs Category: Benefits & Insurance   REASONABLE ACCOMMODATION  If you are a qualified individual with a disability you may request reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access this site as a result of your disability. You can request a reasonable accommodation by calling 844-558-1414 (toll free) or send an email to accom@cbiz.com.  EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER  CBIZ is an affirmative action-equal opportunity employer and reviews applications for employment without regard to the applicant’s race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, age, gender, gender identity, marital status, military status, veteran status, sexual orientation, disability, or medical condition or any other reason prohibited by law. If you would like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please visit these following pages EEO is the Law and EEO is the Law Supplement.  PAY TRANSPARENCY PROTECTION NOTIFICATION"
245,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=27980cf692d75b02&fccid=3d30677097704d8f&vjs=3,
246,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=fc7f78a0ad55fc2b&fccid=ded9605952442cb4&vjs=3,
247,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=6b486eb2e1872c07&fccid=8aa75bac74b901c4&vjs=3,
248,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=6dc3b757bf2b79cd&fccid=920e697cdf154a3c&vjs=3,"Fully remote for 12+ years, Goodway has an award-winning virtual culture, and is growing! This position can be located anywhere in the United States.  A Digital Analyst at Goodway Group may be a bit more technical than at other organizations! The ideal candidate will have solid experience with SQL, Tableau, and fluid in working with big data, marketing performance metrics, and stitching together large data sets in order to provide meaningful insights to our clients! Our Digital Analyst will be a key part of our Media Solutions team, responsible for assisting with program development, campaign optimization opportunities, and possible testing activities. Drives analysis of marketing campaigns and initiatives to identify tactics for optimizing marketing, marketing efficiency, and marketing effectiveness. Supports integrated media and channel team members in the execution of the marketing strategy and analytics. Defines success metrics, makes assessments of marketing channels and operations and helps with marketing campaign optimization efforts. Provides reports, dashboards, and ad-hoc analyses with recommendations. What You'll Do Collects data to measure & analyze return-on-investment across several key marketing and business initiatives Perform campaign data analysis to understand the lift & ROI associated with each program to aid in the development of future strategies Provide recommendations on analytical methodologies and frameworks to be utilized for various analytical projects Work with cross-functional teams on the day-to-day execution of analytics projects & initiatives Generate reports, documentation, and insights as part of the analysis process. Produce expected performance measures including lifts, efficiencies, and other measures Execute appropriate quality control procedures for analysis, reporting, and data visualization for accuracy Support the building of analytical capabilities and solutions (segmentation, modeling, campaign evaluations, etc.) that enable analytics to support the strategic goals of the Company Review, analyze and present qualitative and quantitative analysis and data to internal and external stakeholders Ensure quality and timeliness of deliverables that meet expectations while balancing business needs with the appropriate level of analytical rigor Leverage story-telling skills to deliver insights that are clear, concise, and actionable Who You Are Customer-Centric- Dedicated to meeting and exceeding expectations to customers, establishes and maintains effective relationships with customers Relationship Builder- Finds common ground/solves problems for the good of all, solves problems with peers, is a team player, collaborates, and supports peers. Focused on Outcomes - Spends his/her time and the time of others on what's important; quickly zeroes in on the critical few and puts the trivial many aside; can quickly sense what will help or hinder accomplishing a goal; eliminates roadblocks; creates focus Drives for Results - Can be counted on to exceed goals successfully; is constantly and consistently one of the top performers; very bottom-line oriented; steadfastly pushes self and others for results Efficient - Uses his/her time effectively and efficiently; values times; concentrates his/her efforts on the more important priorities; gets more done in less time than others; can attend to a broader range of activities What You Bring 4+ years of marketing, web, or customer analytics experience Strong knowledge of multiple digital channels and how they work together (SEM, SEO, CRO, Social, Shopping, Display, etc.) Experience across various verticals including e-commerce and lead generation Strong analytical skills, proficient with Microsoft Excel and data analysis Proficient using Tableau Software, SQL Experience working with and utilizing Google Analytics and attribution solutions Effective time management and project management skills Past role experience with marketing analysis role, specifically with paid media platforms (programmatic, search, social)- need to see examples (white label examples) Ideally, you have a strong understanding of direct response/performance marketing metrics such as visitor-to-lead and lead-to-sale ratios, sales revenue by channel, cost per lead, landing page conversion rate (CVR%), customer lifetime value (CLV or LTV), LTV: CAC ratios, customer retention rate (CRR), customer acquisition cost (CAC) Goodway Group is #3 on AdAge's Best Places to Work! Who We Are Goodway is on a mission to solve the most challenging business problems by offering a suite of proprietary digital marketing technologies and solutions. Our AdTech, AI, and data analytics capabilities intersect to create actionable insights and drive measurable results for our clients. We pair our offerings with strong consultative mindsets, heightened critical thinking, and white-glove service.  Recent accolades: 2021 Ad Age Best Places to Work 2020 Finalist Digiday Worklife Awards 2020 AdExchanger Programmatic Power Player 2020 MarTech breakthrough awards"
249,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ff12ff2fb7138ef0&fccid=3d30677097704d8f&vjs=3,"Businesses Collins Aerospace Job ID 01452200 Most Recent Date Posted 05/21/2021 City Chula Vista State California Country United States Date Posted: 2021-05-17-07:00 Country: United States of America Location: HCA21: Aerostructures - Chula Vista 850 Lagoon Blvd, Chula Vista, CA, 91910 USA Collins Aerospace is looking for an FP&A Sr. Analyst, NPI Program to join a team of intermediate to experienced Financial Planning and Analysis professionals who provide financial analysis, budgets, and forecasts to management. You will be responsible for preparation of forecasts and performance of financial modeling to develop recommendations to drive the business. You will conduct unit cost analysis and be responsible for development programs transitioning to production. You will have ownership of the financial aspects of recurring cost (bill of material maintenance, hours, overhead cost and supply chain cost) and may assist with specific tasks related to the business cases for these programs. In addition, you will frequently work cross-functionally with other areas of the business including, but not limited to, Program, Supply Chain, Central Operations and Engineering. **Position is currently remote, but will work onsite when circumstances permit** Primary Responsibilities Prepares financial analysis, research, budgets, and forecasts to support short-term business goals and decisions. Develops financial reports, cash flows and statistical analysis to recommend business decisions. Provides reports to functional or operational management on financial analysis results and recommendations. Engages across business functions to support cost initiatives Performs economic research and studies of rates of return, depreciation and investments. Generates forecasts and analyzes trends in operations, supply chain, programs, engineering and other areas of business for financial and strategic planning purposes. Creates financial models of ""what if"" scenarios to help future business planning decisions Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s degree and 5 years of relevant experience OR Advance degree and 3 years of relevant experience OR In absence of a degree, 9 years of relevant experience is required Experience working with large data sets Able to communicate and make presentations to senior and executive level leadership Experience managing multiple and varied tasks ERP experience MS Office experience, Excel: look ups, pivot tables, PowerPoint-create presentations Able to travel up to 5% of the time domestically and internationally (when current environment permits) Must be a U.S. Citizen Preferred Qualifications SAP, BI, Power Query, Power Pivot Experience Collins Aerospace, a Raytheon Technologies company, is a leader in technologically advanced and intelligent solutions for the global aerospace and defense industry. Collins Aerospace has the capabilities, comprehensive portfolio and expertise to solve customers’ toughest challenges and to meet the demands of a rapidly evolving global market. Collins Aerospace’s Aerostructures business is a world leader in the design, manufacture, integration and support of nacelles - the aerodynamic structures which house aircraft engines. Our nacelle technologies improve fuel efficiency, reduce engine noise and supply critical stopping power when an airplane lands. Today, our innovative nacelle systems are featured on many of the world’s newest and most game-changing commercial, regional and business jet platforms. And we’re not stopping there: we’re working hard to create the next generation of nacelles that are greener, quieter and more efficient. In addition, our Engineered Polymer Products division is a leading developer and manufacturer of advanced, high-performance composite and elastomeric structures and products for marine applications. Whether in the air or underwater, we’re pushing the limits of innovation. Want to join us on this important journey? Diversity drives innovation; inclusion drives success. We believe a multitude of approaches and ideas enable us to deliver the best results for our workforce, workplace, and customers. We are committed to fostering a culture where all employees can share their passions and ideas so we can tackle the toughest challenges in our industry and pave new paths to limitless possibility. WE ARE REDEFINING AEROSPACE. Some of our competitive benefits package includes: Medical, dental, and vision insurance Three weeks of vacation for newly hired employees Generous 401(k) plan that includes employer matching funds and separate employer retirement contribution, including a Lifetime Income Strategy option Tuition reimbursement Life insurance and disability coverage Optional coverages you can buy: Pet Insurance, Home and Auto, additional life insurance, accident insurance, critical illness insurance, group legal Ovia Health, fertility and family planning Employee Assistance Plan, including up to 5 free counseling sessions Redbrick - Incentives for a Healthy You Autism Benefit Doctor on Demand, virtual doctor visits Adoption Assistance Best Doctors, second opinion program And more! Nothing matters more to Collins Aerospace than our strong ethical and safety commitments. As such, all U.S. positions require a background check, which may include a drug screen. Note: Background check and drug screen required (every external new hire in the U.S.) Drug Screen only performed on re-hires who have been gone for more than 1 year Raytheon Technologies is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class. Privacy Policy and Terms: Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms"
250,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=758b2b660c94b3e6&fccid=da33f48dbeb2e889&vjs=3," All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. Eurofins is a M/F, Disabled, and Veteran Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer."
251,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9391e9a68d24fcbc&fccid=3d30677097704d8f&vjs=3,"Businesses Collins Aerospace Job ID 01460620 Most Recent Date Posted 07/09/2021 City Chula Vista State California Country United States Date Posted: 2021-07-01-07:00 Country: United States of America Location: HCA21: Aerostructures - Chula Vista 850 Lagoon Blvd, Chula Vista, CA, 91910 USA Collins Aerospace is looking for a Senior FP&A Analyst, Military Program who will coordinate multi-functional departmental information into military financial plans. You will directly support and provide financial analysis, forecasts, and recommendations to both ASG Finance and ASG Program leadership. You have responsibilities/opportunities to present financial packages to senior level leadership. In addition, you will be reporting to the Military FP&A Manager. Primary Responsibilities Coordinate multi-disciplined teams to develop financial and strategic plans to support newly won military programs. Develop the annual budget and recurring forecast process. Perform monthly financial variance analysis Analyze current and past trends in key performance indicators including all areas of revenue, cost of sales, expenses, capital expenditures, and on time delivery to provide visibility into business performance and areas to drive efficiency Subject matter expert on CAS, FAR/DFAR, DCAA/DCMA audits, TINA, government compliance as it relates to current and projected government programs Provide audit support for DCAA/DCMA and post award audits Work with program management team to understand and manage the ongoing relationships with each customer including reporting, analysis, contract re-negotiations and business growth strategies Effectively communicate financial results and trends to internal leadership and recommend appropriate course of action when results vary from forecast Plan, facilitate and implement ad hoc analysis or financial models to support decision making Drive changes to standard work across the organization. Foster a continuous improvement culture. Ensure internal financial controls environment is established and in compliance with US GAAP, SOX, CAS, and all international legal and statutory requirements Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s degree and 8 years of prior relevant experience OR Advanced Degree in a related field and minimum 5 years experience OR In absence of a degree, 12 years of relevant experience is required Must be a U.S. Citizen Financial Reporting and Analysis experience Detailed knowledge of key requirements, practices, and terms and conditions relating to the sale of products paid for by the Government including: Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), Supplement to the FAR such as VA, DoD, GSA, etc. and CAS (Cost Accounting Standards). Detailed knowledge of EVMS (Earned Value Management System) reporting Experience with Excel: Pivot Tables, Lookups PowerPoint, creating presentations Able to travel up to 10% when circumstances permit Preferred Qualifications Automated Reporting Tools: WebI, Business Warehouse etc. Master’s Degree Familiarity with the Aerospace industry SAP and HFM knowledge Comfortable working in a data driven, fast-paced, ambiguous, and entrepreneurial environment Ability to build relationships and foster a collaborative environment with all stakeholders Collins Aerospace, a Raytheon Technologies company, is a leader in technologically advanced and intelligent solutions for the global aerospace and defense industry. Collins Aerospace has the capabilities, comprehensive portfolio and expertise to solve customers’ toughest challenges and to meet the demands of a rapidly evolving global market. Collins Aerospace’s Aerostructures business is a world leader in the design, manufacture, integration and support of nacelles - the aerodynamic structures which house aircraft engines. Our nacelle technologies improve fuel efficiency, reduce engine noise and supply critical stopping power when an airplane lands. Today, our innovative nacelle systems are featured on many of the world’s newest and most game-changing commercial, regional and business jet platforms. And we’re not stopping there: we’re working hard to create the next generation of nacelles that are greener, quieter and more efficient. In addition, our Engineered Polymer Products division is a leading developer and manufacturer of advanced, high-performance composite and elastomeric structures and products for marine applications. Whether in the air or underwater, we’re pushing the limits of innovation. Want to join us on this important journey? Diversity drives innovation; inclusion drives success. We believe a multitude of approaches and ideas enable us to deliver the best results for our workforce, workplace, and customers. We are committed to fostering a culture where all employees can share their passions and ideas so we can tackle the toughest challenges in our industry and pave new paths to limitless possibility. WE ARE REDEFINING AEROSPACE. Some of our competitive benefits package includes: Medical, dental, and vision insurance Three weeks of vacation for newly hired employees Generous 401(k) plan that includes employer matching funds and separate employer retirement contribution, including a Lifetime Income Strategy option Employee Scholar Program, tuition reimbursement program Life insurance and disability coverage Optional coverages you can buy: Pet Insurance, Home and Auto, additional life insurance, accident insurance, critical illness insurance, group legal Ovia Health, fertility and family planning Employee Assistance Plan, including up to 5 free counseling sessions Incentives for a Healthy You Bright Horizons, back-up child / elder care and college coach resources Autism Benefit Doctor on Demand, virtual doctor visits Adoption Assistance Teladoc Medical Experts, second opinion program And more! Nothing matters more to Collins Aerospace than our strong ethical and safety commitments. As such, all U.S. positions require a background check, which may include a drug screen. Note: Background check and drug screen required (every external new hire in the U.S.) Drug Screen only performed on re-hires who have been gone for more than 1 year Raytheon Technologies is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class. Privacy Policy and Terms: Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms"
252,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=4e10e555b2912ee5&fccid=3bcef03e34391ca8&vjs=3,"Come work at a place where innovation and teamwork come together to support the most exciting missions in the world! Petco is currently looking for a Senior Financial Analyst, eCom Supply Chain.  As a Petco Senior FP&A Analyst, you would be responsible for assisting in preparation of the monthly forecast and annual budget for the Supply Chain – eCom channel, supporting the Petco leadership team, as well as providing regular and ad hoc analyses for the Petco organization. While at Petco, you will have the opportunity to enhance your skill set, think critically about complex challenges, and drive meaningful change. This role will work closely with key members of several teams on various facets of the company to devise strategic solutions to unique business problems. The individual will assist in financial analysis, modeling and evaluation to keep the business on track to meet its financial goals. This is a perfect opportunity for an individual who is detail-oriented, technically capable, holds a desire to solve problems and efficiently delivers a quality work product in a fast-paced, dynamic environment. This position will report to the Director of FP&A, Supply Chain and Commercial Build partnership with the Director of Digital Ops (eCom) to manage their Supply Chain reporting processes, including budget, forecasting, scenario analysis, budget cases, and month end accruals/reclasses Work closely with the Director of eCom Finance to support the eCom P&L, specifically postage expense forecasting and guidance on upcoming risks/opportunities to Forecast Serve as a financial consultant to the head of Petco Distribution Centers for business cases, including, but not limited to reviewing potential labor re-allocations between distribution centers in support of new sales channel goals and quantifying the impact on freight and other logistics costs As needed, provided financial model and business case support to the Merch/Owned Brand business development and Strategy VP on key initiatives Periodically support Petco Private Label (Owned Brand) business cases on the transportation forecasting Identify and help implement opportunities to leverage financial systems in ways that will provide visibility and transparency to business leaders in order to track against financial targets Collaborate with fellow Supply Chain SFA to systemize and introduce more automation into existing Supply Chain Finance close deliverables and reporting capabilities Manage the DC Shrink reporting and meeting cadence with all DC (Distribution Center) GMs and Inventory specialists Load all inputted non labor and labor forecasts into Planning Tool (Hyperion Essbase) Interface with the business leads to confirm assumptions used for budgeting and forecasting as well as provide input to assist with inventory planning Assist with preparation of monthly forecast packages, 5 Year Plan, and materials for Board presentations, as well as various other ad hoc reporting needs  Required Skills: A minimum of 3-5 years relevant experience operating in a highly analytical FP&A role, preferably supporting Supply Chain and/or Operations (Merchandising, Retail business units), as well as:  Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Accounting, or related field. Moderate to Advanced Accounting knowledge. Passionate about providing exceptional customer service to all internal business partners. Demonstrated expertise in leveraging financial systems to empower an organization to efficiently plan and monitor financial performance. Self-starter and ability to manage projects independently. Great interpersonal skills, a positive attitude, and the ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment. Passion for innovation and using technology to drive efficiency. Track record of success to drive process improvements. Extremely analytical and quantitative and comfortable building advanced spreadsheet models. Very detail oriented, with strong organization skills with the ability to maintain and keep track of multiple information sources. Proficiency in Microsoft Office (including strong Excel and PowerPoint skills). Understand and comfortably implement complex financial modeling techniques Strong data analysis background and experience with various BI tools (Essbase, Cognos BI), ERP systems (SAP, Oracle), and Data Visualization (Tableau, PowerBi, MicroStrategy Looker)  Petco Animal Supplies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, protected veteran status, or any other protected classification. Category: Corporate Location: 10850 Via Frontera, San Diego, CA 92127 Schedule: Full_time"
253,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=b7d5e7871ee0c561&fccid=9ff926b033a6c08c&vjs=3,
254,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=e13d360435b3c3d3&fccid=ded9605952442cb4&vjs=3,
255,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0D8crn-YM6x7IQoSNnEBoVgmt9RccLWLqLeBizUaTtDVuyIHDC0H4srq2fUwOJEHznVKZTfEmf9yVVOH3rvOSLC-fpnK32EiJROgcXX3IMczsOYUKSd2nbRYwkP7TNUdHuxI6om6JI6lNzlE8uhEn0NFhSX6hth7Pr6BqEtDScHKAog0p06i9rV5VQt6ggRJuhUgi4oqAbIYwLN3czVwutDuto1pOpROwmkKtn_uAKM-RSzPsbYpsIKUEDXdpMVcB1UkXCIAGhw3YV8Q75CNAV2KCKOjVXCJ9sVcwfeFHmU81So53o5x3qW53cAFuG2LKl8OuXRB42kERKRWzCfcV4kfiP_uJJXsE4V_FxkRPxzUUHyQM6zCDSQEsxezkYOUHTuEIU-nXQMY0hN65PM9CayTIVcyz1EKVV-nkPkj_wsPpJ5DB221GG7I5nGBjiF3qckk1d3PQqw0WSMF43Iuhc7wCl5dQ-OhxgUdNo2jczeMH5o7oMAAX6LnerzUKo7ICjDnbXxbC_Il-Wmm5yDuRVNmsTPcSW8eYkTihk18FyDeFbKLH3RgZ3y&p=9&fvj=0&vjs=3,"A fast growing Real Estate company in San Diego, Ca is seeking a Financial Planning and Analysis Specialist to join their team. This position will be part of a large and well-established organization. We are seeking an individual who is strong in financial planning, analysis, and dealing with revenues and cost structures. This company offers work life balance, a great working environment and benefits. Apply today! Duties: Updating and maintaining the Argus property level models for all leasing and budgeting activities. Reconciling Argus back to the MRI accounting system to ensure the accuracy of the forecasting models. Support with the corporate budgeting process. Provide financial underwriting for new acquisitions by building cash flow models in Argus, analyzing investment returns in Excel, and evaluating the financial impact of various investment scenarios.  Requirements: Business Degree, preferably in Finance, Accounting, or Economics. 2 to 3 years of Real Estate industry related experience preferred. Experience with Argus Enterprise preferred. Experience in real estate financial modeling preferred. Complete understanding of basic financial concepts such as IRRs, NPVs, time value of money, etc  #ZR #LI-POST #hotjobs"
256,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8f5ffef3f1393bf1&fccid=7a38dc183210a759&vjs=3,"POSITION SUMMARY:  We are currently seeking Full Time Senior level Project Control Scheduler for natural gas and electric utility projects in San Diego.  Read through the RESPONSIBILITIES, QUALIFICATIONS, and DUTIES CAREFULLY to obtain a thorough understanding of the position and skill level we are seeking for this position. No relocation assistance is available for this position.   RESPONSIBILITIES:  The Project Control Scheduler position provides support to Project Managers on various Utility projects with minimal guidance of the Project Manager/PCA Supervisor. If assigned, may perform functions in the Project Support Function; the Central Data Management Function; and/or the Central Financial Analysis Functions. QUALIFICATIONS:   Minimum: Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or its equivalent in education and experienceMinimum 5 years of experience in cost accounting and schedulingExperienced in using Primavera P6 or higher and SAP   Desired: Certified Associate in Project Management (CAPM) or Project Management Professional (PMP) CertificationExperience managing construction projectsSuperior ability to interface with and across supporting organizationsExcellent communication and presentation skills   Duties: Responsible for project tracking, analysis and communication of project cost, scope and schedule.In coordination with Project Manager develop project schedule and cash flow/forecast plans with functional department input.Create, maintain and update schedules.Document, monitor and communicate project milestones and risks with appropriate stakeholders.Attend project status meetings, collect progress data and revise project plan as needed.Track commitment on detailed work plans including schedule, cost, resource, contingency and communication plansUse the cost and schedule plan to determine if project objectives are achievable.Prepare various scheduling reports and maintain forecast accuracy. Prepare project performance analysis, cost, and schedule status reports. Identify cost and schedule variances from objectives and recommend corrective action.Assess project risk and formulate contingency plans to mitigate the risks.Effectively complete multiple projects concurrently and provide guidance to engineering on producing complex risk and alternative analyses, studies and conceptual designs for presentation to project sponsor.   We are an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.   COMPENSATION/BENEFITS:  We offer excellent pay, benefits."
257,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=2431a0c18f06cad3&fccid=ded9605952442cb4&vjs=3,
258,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8af066049ba25ed6&fccid=bba3b2578c9adb92&vjs=3,
259,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9e78c4b24125d2f6&fccid=2bc6c14c68440d18&vjs=3,"Status Category: Full-Time Exempt/Non-Exempt: Exempt Scheduled Hours Per Week: 40 Job Code: BI0603  With over 100 offices and nearly 5,000 associates in major metropolitan areas and suburban cities throughout the U.S. CBIZ (NYSE: CBZ) delivers top-level financial and employee business services to organizations of all sizes, as well as individual clients, by providing national-caliber expertise combined with highly personalized service delivered at the local level.  CBIZ has been honored to be the recipient of several national recognitions: 2020 Best Workplaces in Consulting & Professional Services by Great Place to Work®2020 Workplace Excellence Seal of Approval by the Alliance for Workplace ExcellenceTop 101 2020 Best and Brightest Companies to Work For in the Nation2020 Healthiest 100 Workplace in America2021 Top Workplaces USA  CBIZ Benefits & Insurance Services is a division of CBIZ, Inc., providing benefits consulting, HRIS technology, payroll, human capital management, property and casualty, talent and compensation solutions, and retirement & investment solutions to organizations of all sizes. CBIZ is ranked as a Top 20 Largest Broker of U.S. Business (Business Insurance Magazine) and a Top 100 Retirement Plan Adviser (PLANADVISER). Essential Functions and Primary Duties Coordinate and lead projects designed to provide data analytics to support decision making process Deliver advice about the financing of risk-benefit programs, such as self-insurance, multinational risk benefits pooling, and employee benefit captive work Support intellectual capital development and new business opportunities Coordinate and lead projects such as benefit benchmarking, cost-saving projects, and governance processes Proactively identify issues such as legislation and market practice that impact clients Coordinate and lead projects designed to measure and monitor metrics Additional responsibilities as assigned Preferred Qualifications Bachelor's Degree with emphasis in Math, Statistics, Accounting or Finance Minimum Qualifications High School Diploma or GED required Over 8 years of experience in benefits analysis for group employee benefits Must have the ability to compile, analyze, present, interpret financial, and statistical information to facilitate decision making Must maintain current required licenses and certifications relevant to the field of expertise Demonstrate industry experience; product knowledge, proposal process, underwriting, regulatory trends, and presentations skills Expertise in managing clients with alternative funding arrangements Advanced skill in using computer application software for financial modeling, statistical analysis, and spreadsheet calculations Expert knowledge of state and federal benefits legislation Sets priorities and manages workflow to ensure efficient, timely, and accurate deliverables Demonstrated ability to communicate verbally and in writing throughout all levels of the organization, both internally and externally Advanced problem solving and critical thinking skills Must be able to travel based on client and business needs  CBIZ.Jobs Category: Benefits & Insurance   REASONABLE ACCOMMODATION  If you are a qualified individual with a disability you may request reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access this site as a result of your disability. You can request a reasonable accommodation by calling 844-558-1414 (toll free) or send an email to accom@cbiz.com.  EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER  CBIZ is an affirmative action-equal opportunity employer and reviews applications for employment without regard to the applicant’s race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, age, gender, gender identity, marital status, military status, veteran status, sexual orientation, disability, or medical condition or any other reason prohibited by law. If you would like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please visit these following pages EEO is the Law and EEO is the Law Supplement.  PAY TRANSPARENCY PROTECTION NOTIFICATION"
260,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=27980cf692d75b02&fccid=3d30677097704d8f&vjs=3,
261,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a49d3ae185681255&fccid=8975677ab32199de&vjs=3,
262,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=2e5bcf7fd765665d&fccid=ded9605952442cb4&vjs=3,
263,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=34a8b8abf3f34892&fccid=3d30677097704d8f&vjs=3,
264,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=3fee5e445bdde699&fccid=ded9605952442cb4&vjs=3,
265,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=502744ec1064ae5f&fccid=aaa0f84fa24e972f&vjs=3,
266,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=6dc3b757bf2b79cd&fccid=920e697cdf154a3c&vjs=3,"Fully remote for 12+ years, Goodway has an award-winning virtual culture, and is growing! This position can be located anywhere in the United States.  A Digital Analyst at Goodway Group may be a bit more technical than at other organizations! The ideal candidate will have solid experience with SQL, Tableau, and fluid in working with big data, marketing performance metrics, and stitching together large data sets in order to provide meaningful insights to our clients! Our Digital Analyst will be a key part of our Media Solutions team, responsible for assisting with program development, campaign optimization opportunities, and possible testing activities. Drives analysis of marketing campaigns and initiatives to identify tactics for optimizing marketing, marketing efficiency, and marketing effectiveness. Supports integrated media and channel team members in the execution of the marketing strategy and analytics. Defines success metrics, makes assessments of marketing channels and operations and helps with marketing campaign optimization efforts. Provides reports, dashboards, and ad-hoc analyses with recommendations. What You'll Do Collects data to measure & analyze return-on-investment across several key marketing and business initiatives Perform campaign data analysis to understand the lift & ROI associated with each program to aid in the development of future strategies Provide recommendations on analytical methodologies and frameworks to be utilized for various analytical projects Work with cross-functional teams on the day-to-day execution of analytics projects & initiatives Generate reports, documentation, and insights as part of the analysis process. Produce expected performance measures including lifts, efficiencies, and other measures Execute appropriate quality control procedures for analysis, reporting, and data visualization for accuracy Support the building of analytical capabilities and solutions (segmentation, modeling, campaign evaluations, etc.) that enable analytics to support the strategic goals of the Company Review, analyze and present qualitative and quantitative analysis and data to internal and external stakeholders Ensure quality and timeliness of deliverables that meet expectations while balancing business needs with the appropriate level of analytical rigor Leverage story-telling skills to deliver insights that are clear, concise, and actionable Who You Are Customer-Centric- Dedicated to meeting and exceeding expectations to customers, establishes and maintains effective relationships with customers Relationship Builder- Finds common ground/solves problems for the good of all, solves problems with peers, is a team player, collaborates, and supports peers. Focused on Outcomes - Spends his/her time and the time of others on what's important; quickly zeroes in on the critical few and puts the trivial many aside; can quickly sense what will help or hinder accomplishing a goal; eliminates roadblocks; creates focus Drives for Results - Can be counted on to exceed goals successfully; is constantly and consistently one of the top performers; very bottom-line oriented; steadfastly pushes self and others for results Efficient - Uses his/her time effectively and efficiently; values times; concentrates his/her efforts on the more important priorities; gets more done in less time than others; can attend to a broader range of activities What You Bring 4+ years of marketing, web, or customer analytics experience Strong knowledge of multiple digital channels and how they work together (SEM, SEO, CRO, Social, Shopping, Display, etc.) Experience across various verticals including e-commerce and lead generation Strong analytical skills, proficient with Microsoft Excel and data analysis Proficient using Tableau Software, SQL Experience working with and utilizing Google Analytics and attribution solutions Effective time management and project management skills Past role experience with marketing analysis role, specifically with paid media platforms (programmatic, search, social)- need to see examples (white label examples) Ideally, you have a strong understanding of direct response/performance marketing metrics such as visitor-to-lead and lead-to-sale ratios, sales revenue by channel, cost per lead, landing page conversion rate (CVR%), customer lifetime value (CLV or LTV), LTV: CAC ratios, customer retention rate (CRR), customer acquisition cost (CAC) Goodway Group is #3 on AdAge's Best Places to Work! Who We Are Goodway is on a mission to solve the most challenging business problems by offering a suite of proprietary digital marketing technologies and solutions. Our AdTech, AI, and data analytics capabilities intersect to create actionable insights and drive measurable results for our clients. We pair our offerings with strong consultative mindsets, heightened critical thinking, and white-glove service.  Recent accolades: 2021 Ad Age Best Places to Work 2020 Finalist Digiday Worklife Awards 2020 AdExchanger Programmatic Power Player 2020 MarTech breakthrough awards"
267,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=f87e0c49ecb93e32&fccid=a5c381a5b33228a1&vjs=3,"Job Title  Sr. Financial Analyst  Job Description Summary  Job Description  Job description: Region Financial consulting team. The position requires the preparation and discussion of complex and sophisticated discounted cash flow financial models for a broad range of commercial real estate projects.  The position requires familiarity with GAAP standards as they relate to lease reporting (ASC 842).  Transaction analysis would include lease comparisons, lease restructures, lease vs. buy, acquisitions/dispositions, strategic real estate alternatives, subleases, relocations, build-to suit transactions and other customized projects.  Principal Responsibilities  Prepares complex and sophisticated cash flow and GAAP analyses, lease comparisons, lease restructures, lease vs. buy, acquisitions/dispositions, strategic real estate alternatives, subleases, sale leaseback’s, cancellations/buyouts, relocations, build-to suits, and other strategic real estate alternatives Makes recommendations to brokers, their clients, and other service line professionals Reads, abstracts and analyzes complex legal real estate related documentation to include leases, financing/loan agreements, mortgage documents, partnership agreements, and corporate financial statements for relevant financial information that will impact the assignment Prepares clear, concise, and presentation ready documentation and spreadsheets that support and explain the basis of the analyses for use in client presentations, proposals and/or reports Participates with C&W brokers, or other C&W professionals, in client meetings to present and discuss analyses as needed May discuss analysis summaries and findings with clients Assists in the quality control efforts of the National Financial Consulting group to ensure that all client presentation materials are professional, accurate, high impact and reflect the standards of quality normally associated with C&W work product May assist and participate in strategy sessions in preparation for conferences with clients  Desired Skills and Experience  Minimum Qualifications  Bachelors degree preferably in Finance, Accounting, Real Estate or related business areas CPA strongly preferred 4 - 5 years of financial analysis experience in commercial real estate occupancy analytics  Software competency: Required: Microsoft Office, Excel, PowerPoint, Preferred: Microsoft SharePoint, Access, Argus  Required Skills  High competence level in utilizing and designing Excel spreadsheets / models. Experience with ARGUS, Pro Calc, or other commercial real estate specialized financial software a plus. A working knowledge of GAAP for lease analyses and other types of real estate transactions Possess excellent problem solving skills  Displays competences with application of Excel macros, Sphisticated charts, graphs, and tables  Strong knowledge and demonstrated competence in working with computers, analytical and word processing software as well as Sperior knowledge and skill using Excel and PowerPoint Cushman & Wakefield provides equal employment opportunity. Discrimination of any type will not be tolerated. Cushman & Wakefield is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by state, federal, or local law."
268,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=b7d5e7871ee0c561&fccid=9ff926b033a6c08c&vjs=3,
269,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ff12ff2fb7138ef0&fccid=3d30677097704d8f&vjs=3,"Businesses Collins Aerospace Job ID 01452200 Most Recent Date Posted 05/21/2021 City Chula Vista State California Country United States Date Posted: 2021-05-17-07:00 Country: United States of America Location: HCA21: Aerostructures - Chula Vista 850 Lagoon Blvd, Chula Vista, CA, 91910 USA Collins Aerospace is looking for an FP&A Sr. Analyst, NPI Program to join a team of intermediate to experienced Financial Planning and Analysis professionals who provide financial analysis, budgets, and forecasts to management. You will be responsible for preparation of forecasts and performance of financial modeling to develop recommendations to drive the business. You will conduct unit cost analysis and be responsible for development programs transitioning to production. You will have ownership of the financial aspects of recurring cost (bill of material maintenance, hours, overhead cost and supply chain cost) and may assist with specific tasks related to the business cases for these programs. In addition, you will frequently work cross-functionally with other areas of the business including, but not limited to, Program, Supply Chain, Central Operations and Engineering. **Position is currently remote, but will work onsite when circumstances permit** Primary Responsibilities Prepares financial analysis, research, budgets, and forecasts to support short-term business goals and decisions. Develops financial reports, cash flows and statistical analysis to recommend business decisions. Provides reports to functional or operational management on financial analysis results and recommendations. Engages across business functions to support cost initiatives Performs economic research and studies of rates of return, depreciation and investments. Generates forecasts and analyzes trends in operations, supply chain, programs, engineering and other areas of business for financial and strategic planning purposes. Creates financial models of ""what if"" scenarios to help future business planning decisions Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s degree and 5 years of relevant experience OR Advance degree and 3 years of relevant experience OR In absence of a degree, 9 years of relevant experience is required Experience working with large data sets Able to communicate and make presentations to senior and executive level leadership Experience managing multiple and varied tasks ERP experience MS Office experience, Excel: look ups, pivot tables, PowerPoint-create presentations Able to travel up to 5% of the time domestically and internationally (when current environment permits) Must be a U.S. Citizen Preferred Qualifications SAP, BI, Power Query, Power Pivot Experience Collins Aerospace, a Raytheon Technologies company, is a leader in technologically advanced and intelligent solutions for the global aerospace and defense industry. Collins Aerospace has the capabilities, comprehensive portfolio and expertise to solve customers’ toughest challenges and to meet the demands of a rapidly evolving global market. Collins Aerospace’s Aerostructures business is a world leader in the design, manufacture, integration and support of nacelles - the aerodynamic structures which house aircraft engines. Our nacelle technologies improve fuel efficiency, reduce engine noise and supply critical stopping power when an airplane lands. Today, our innovative nacelle systems are featured on many of the world’s newest and most game-changing commercial, regional and business jet platforms. And we’re not stopping there: we’re working hard to create the next generation of nacelles that are greener, quieter and more efficient. In addition, our Engineered Polymer Products division is a leading developer and manufacturer of advanced, high-performance composite and elastomeric structures and products for marine applications. Whether in the air or underwater, we’re pushing the limits of innovation. Want to join us on this important journey? Diversity drives innovation; inclusion drives success. We believe a multitude of approaches and ideas enable us to deliver the best results for our workforce, workplace, and customers. We are committed to fostering a culture where all employees can share their passions and ideas so we can tackle the toughest challenges in our industry and pave new paths to limitless possibility. WE ARE REDEFINING AEROSPACE. Some of our competitive benefits package includes: Medical, dental, and vision insurance Three weeks of vacation for newly hired employees Generous 401(k) plan that includes employer matching funds and separate employer retirement contribution, including a Lifetime Income Strategy option Tuition reimbursement Life insurance and disability coverage Optional coverages you can buy: Pet Insurance, Home and Auto, additional life insurance, accident insurance, critical illness insurance, group legal Ovia Health, fertility and family planning Employee Assistance Plan, including up to 5 free counseling sessions Redbrick - Incentives for a Healthy You Autism Benefit Doctor on Demand, virtual doctor visits Adoption Assistance Best Doctors, second opinion program And more! Nothing matters more to Collins Aerospace than our strong ethical and safety commitments. As such, all U.S. positions require a background check, which may include a drug screen. Note: Background check and drug screen required (every external new hire in the U.S.) Drug Screen only performed on re-hires who have been gone for more than 1 year Raytheon Technologies is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class. Privacy Policy and Terms: Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms"
270,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0D8crn-YM6x7IQoSNnEBoVgmt9RccLWLqLeBizUaTtDVuyIHDC0H4srq2fUwOJEHznVKZTfEmf9yVVOH3rvOSLC-fpnK32EiJROgcXX3IMczsOYUKSd2nbRYwkP7TNUdHuxI6om6JI6lNzlE8uhEn0NFhSX6hth7Pr6BqEtDScHKOIIYyajDNezMYaNLMmyQksLyx5UimQxk0dqa4pvXs-o6II4GEaRkPdGnUeybE7Ma2vjgpZGKMDIHzSSLznUWnTAIpfcABOjyegZB73T39AoBT6wXmC1woI92hooXPq_--9obdOtm5hXH3lNUHlA7tOY0kpvqE-MpWaig07HXSXwwIFkZh6BnG11J6MKAOJ3OS3I-LaGERVqbn7b3TVUbQRjEIrpVWaS8SEaTngUkrSYqudQlbjszVhroKp1VZ2xH0eaCd1zIqREWfhvPmg7x9XwvROUXk8KvcaxUEEycS0LEX788Il5QUUcgrVr7M9hCnDV4d9HPme_mbL8CkVGEOKiHMstdvby9z6VvIsb7lOxi8vcSjw1eFBGbuksT_51Xw-oLJC5UlVJ&p=10&fvj=0&vjs=3,"A fast growing Real Estate company in San Diego, Ca is seeking a Financial Planning and Analysis Specialist to join their team. This position will be part of a large and well-established organization. We are seeking an individual who is strong in financial planning, analysis, and dealing with revenues and cost structures. This company offers work life balance, a great working environment and benefits. Apply today! Duties: Updating and maintaining the Argus property level models for all leasing and budgeting activities. Reconciling Argus back to the MRI accounting system to ensure the accuracy of the forecasting models. Support with the corporate budgeting process. Provide financial underwriting for new acquisitions by building cash flow models in Argus, analyzing investment returns in Excel, and evaluating the financial impact of various investment scenarios.  Requirements: Business Degree, preferably in Finance, Accounting, or Economics. 2 to 3 years of Real Estate industry related experience preferred. Experience with Argus Enterprise preferred. Experience in real estate financial modeling preferred. Complete understanding of basic financial concepts such as IRRs, NPVs, time value of money, etc  #ZR #LI-POST #hotjobs"
271,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8f5ffef3f1393bf1&fccid=7a38dc183210a759&vjs=3,"POSITION SUMMARY:  We are currently seeking Full Time Senior level Project Control Scheduler for natural gas and electric utility projects in San Diego.  Read through the RESPONSIBILITIES, QUALIFICATIONS, and DUTIES CAREFULLY to obtain a thorough understanding of the position and skill level we are seeking for this position. No relocation assistance is available for this position.   RESPONSIBILITIES:  The Project Control Scheduler position provides support to Project Managers on various Utility projects with minimal guidance of the Project Manager/PCA Supervisor. If assigned, may perform functions in the Project Support Function; the Central Data Management Function; and/or the Central Financial Analysis Functions. QUALIFICATIONS:   Minimum: Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or its equivalent in education and experienceMinimum 5 years of experience in cost accounting and schedulingExperienced in using Primavera P6 or higher and SAP   Desired: Certified Associate in Project Management (CAPM) or Project Management Professional (PMP) CertificationExperience managing construction projectsSuperior ability to interface with and across supporting organizationsExcellent communication and presentation skills   Duties: Responsible for project tracking, analysis and communication of project cost, scope and schedule.In coordination with Project Manager develop project schedule and cash flow/forecast plans with functional department input.Create, maintain and update schedules.Document, monitor and communicate project milestones and risks with appropriate stakeholders.Attend project status meetings, collect progress data and revise project plan as needed.Track commitment on detailed work plans including schedule, cost, resource, contingency and communication plansUse the cost and schedule plan to determine if project objectives are achievable.Prepare various scheduling reports and maintain forecast accuracy. Prepare project performance analysis, cost, and schedule status reports. Identify cost and schedule variances from objectives and recommend corrective action.Assess project risk and formulate contingency plans to mitigate the risks.Effectively complete multiple projects concurrently and provide guidance to engineering on producing complex risk and alternative analyses, studies and conceptual designs for presentation to project sponsor.   We are an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.   COMPENSATION/BENEFITS:  We offer excellent pay, benefits."
272,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8af066049ba25ed6&fccid=bba3b2578c9adb92&vjs=3,
273,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9e78c4b24125d2f6&fccid=2bc6c14c68440d18&vjs=3,"Status Category: Full-Time Exempt/Non-Exempt: Exempt Scheduled Hours Per Week: 40 Job Code: BI0603  With over 100 offices and nearly 5,000 associates in major metropolitan areas and suburban cities throughout the U.S. CBIZ (NYSE: CBZ) delivers top-level financial and employee business services to organizations of all sizes, as well as individual clients, by providing national-caliber expertise combined with highly personalized service delivered at the local level.  CBIZ has been honored to be the recipient of several national recognitions: 2020 Best Workplaces in Consulting & Professional Services by Great Place to Work®2020 Workplace Excellence Seal of Approval by the Alliance for Workplace ExcellenceTop 101 2020 Best and Brightest Companies to Work For in the Nation2020 Healthiest 100 Workplace in America2021 Top Workplaces USA  CBIZ Benefits & Insurance Services is a division of CBIZ, Inc., providing benefits consulting, HRIS technology, payroll, human capital management, property and casualty, talent and compensation solutions, and retirement & investment solutions to organizations of all sizes. CBIZ is ranked as a Top 20 Largest Broker of U.S. Business (Business Insurance Magazine) and a Top 100 Retirement Plan Adviser (PLANADVISER). Essential Functions and Primary Duties Coordinate and lead projects designed to provide data analytics to support decision making process Deliver advice about the financing of risk-benefit programs, such as self-insurance, multinational risk benefits pooling, and employee benefit captive work Support intellectual capital development and new business opportunities Coordinate and lead projects such as benefit benchmarking, cost-saving projects, and governance processes Proactively identify issues such as legislation and market practice that impact clients Coordinate and lead projects designed to measure and monitor metrics Additional responsibilities as assigned Preferred Qualifications Bachelor's Degree with emphasis in Math, Statistics, Accounting or Finance Minimum Qualifications High School Diploma or GED required Over 8 years of experience in benefits analysis for group employee benefits Must have the ability to compile, analyze, present, interpret financial, and statistical information to facilitate decision making Must maintain current required licenses and certifications relevant to the field of expertise Demonstrate industry experience; product knowledge, proposal process, underwriting, regulatory trends, and presentations skills Expertise in managing clients with alternative funding arrangements Advanced skill in using computer application software for financial modeling, statistical analysis, and spreadsheet calculations Expert knowledge of state and federal benefits legislation Sets priorities and manages workflow to ensure efficient, timely, and accurate deliverables Demonstrated ability to communicate verbally and in writing throughout all levels of the organization, both internally and externally Advanced problem solving and critical thinking skills Must be able to travel based on client and business needs  CBIZ.Jobs Category: Benefits & Insurance   REASONABLE ACCOMMODATION  If you are a qualified individual with a disability you may request reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access this site as a result of your disability. You can request a reasonable accommodation by calling 844-558-1414 (toll free) or send an email to accom@cbiz.com.  EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER  CBIZ is an affirmative action-equal opportunity employer and reviews applications for employment without regard to the applicant’s race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, age, gender, gender identity, marital status, military status, veteran status, sexual orientation, disability, or medical condition or any other reason prohibited by law. If you would like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please visit these following pages EEO is the Law and EEO is the Law Supplement.  PAY TRANSPARENCY PROTECTION NOTIFICATION"
274,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=27980cf692d75b02&fccid=3d30677097704d8f&vjs=3,
275,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=34a8b8abf3f34892&fccid=3d30677097704d8f&vjs=3,
276,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=3fee5e445bdde699&fccid=ded9605952442cb4&vjs=3,
277,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=502744ec1064ae5f&fccid=aaa0f84fa24e972f&vjs=3,
278,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=f87e0c49ecb93e32&fccid=a5c381a5b33228a1&vjs=3,"Job Title  Sr. Financial Analyst  Job Description Summary  Job Description  Job description: Region Financial consulting team. The position requires the preparation and discussion of complex and sophisticated discounted cash flow financial models for a broad range of commercial real estate projects.  The position requires familiarity with GAAP standards as they relate to lease reporting (ASC 842).  Transaction analysis would include lease comparisons, lease restructures, lease vs. buy, acquisitions/dispositions, strategic real estate alternatives, subleases, relocations, build-to suit transactions and other customized projects.  Principal Responsibilities  Prepares complex and sophisticated cash flow and GAAP analyses, lease comparisons, lease restructures, lease vs. buy, acquisitions/dispositions, strategic real estate alternatives, subleases, sale leaseback’s, cancellations/buyouts, relocations, build-to suits, and other strategic real estate alternatives Makes recommendations to brokers, their clients, and other service line professionals Reads, abstracts and analyzes complex legal real estate related documentation to include leases, financing/loan agreements, mortgage documents, partnership agreements, and corporate financial statements for relevant financial information that will impact the assignment Prepares clear, concise, and presentation ready documentation and spreadsheets that support and explain the basis of the analyses for use in client presentations, proposals and/or reports Participates with C&W brokers, or other C&W professionals, in client meetings to present and discuss analyses as needed May discuss analysis summaries and findings with clients Assists in the quality control efforts of the National Financial Consulting group to ensure that all client presentation materials are professional, accurate, high impact and reflect the standards of quality normally associated with C&W work product May assist and participate in strategy sessions in preparation for conferences with clients  Desired Skills and Experience  Minimum Qualifications  Bachelors degree preferably in Finance, Accounting, Real Estate or related business areas CPA strongly preferred 4 - 5 years of financial analysis experience in commercial real estate occupancy analytics  Software competency: Required: Microsoft Office, Excel, PowerPoint, Preferred: Microsoft SharePoint, Access, Argus  Required Skills  High competence level in utilizing and designing Excel spreadsheets / models. Experience with ARGUS, Pro Calc, or other commercial real estate specialized financial software a plus. A working knowledge of GAAP for lease analyses and other types of real estate transactions Possess excellent problem solving skills  Displays competences with application of Excel macros, Sphisticated charts, graphs, and tables  Strong knowledge and demonstrated competence in working with computers, analytical and word processing software as well as Sperior knowledge and skill using Excel and PowerPoint Cushman & Wakefield provides equal employment opportunity. Discrimination of any type will not be tolerated. Cushman & Wakefield is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by state, federal, or local law."
279,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=6dc3b757bf2b79cd&fccid=920e697cdf154a3c&vjs=3,"Fully remote for 12+ years, Goodway has an award-winning virtual culture, and is growing! This position can be located anywhere in the United States.  A Digital Analyst at Goodway Group may be a bit more technical than at other organizations! The ideal candidate will have solid experience with SQL, Tableau, and fluid in working with big data, marketing performance metrics, and stitching together large data sets in order to provide meaningful insights to our clients! Our Digital Analyst will be a key part of our Media Solutions team, responsible for assisting with program development, campaign optimization opportunities, and possible testing activities. Drives analysis of marketing campaigns and initiatives to identify tactics for optimizing marketing, marketing efficiency, and marketing effectiveness. Supports integrated media and channel team members in the execution of the marketing strategy and analytics. Defines success metrics, makes assessments of marketing channels and operations and helps with marketing campaign optimization efforts. Provides reports, dashboards, and ad-hoc analyses with recommendations. What You'll Do Collects data to measure & analyze return-on-investment across several key marketing and business initiatives Perform campaign data analysis to understand the lift & ROI associated with each program to aid in the development of future strategies Provide recommendations on analytical methodologies and frameworks to be utilized for various analytical projects Work with cross-functional teams on the day-to-day execution of analytics projects & initiatives Generate reports, documentation, and insights as part of the analysis process. Produce expected performance measures including lifts, efficiencies, and other measures Execute appropriate quality control procedures for analysis, reporting, and data visualization for accuracy Support the building of analytical capabilities and solutions (segmentation, modeling, campaign evaluations, etc.) that enable analytics to support the strategic goals of the Company Review, analyze and present qualitative and quantitative analysis and data to internal and external stakeholders Ensure quality and timeliness of deliverables that meet expectations while balancing business needs with the appropriate level of analytical rigor Leverage story-telling skills to deliver insights that are clear, concise, and actionable Who You Are Customer-Centric- Dedicated to meeting and exceeding expectations to customers, establishes and maintains effective relationships with customers Relationship Builder- Finds common ground/solves problems for the good of all, solves problems with peers, is a team player, collaborates, and supports peers. Focused on Outcomes - Spends his/her time and the time of others on what's important; quickly zeroes in on the critical few and puts the trivial many aside; can quickly sense what will help or hinder accomplishing a goal; eliminates roadblocks; creates focus Drives for Results - Can be counted on to exceed goals successfully; is constantly and consistently one of the top performers; very bottom-line oriented; steadfastly pushes self and others for results Efficient - Uses his/her time effectively and efficiently; values times; concentrates his/her efforts on the more important priorities; gets more done in less time than others; can attend to a broader range of activities What You Bring 4+ years of marketing, web, or customer analytics experience Strong knowledge of multiple digital channels and how they work together (SEM, SEO, CRO, Social, Shopping, Display, etc.) Experience across various verticals including e-commerce and lead generation Strong analytical skills, proficient with Microsoft Excel and data analysis Proficient using Tableau Software, SQL Experience working with and utilizing Google Analytics and attribution solutions Effective time management and project management skills Past role experience with marketing analysis role, specifically with paid media platforms (programmatic, search, social)- need to see examples (white label examples) Ideally, you have a strong understanding of direct response/performance marketing metrics such as visitor-to-lead and lead-to-sale ratios, sales revenue by channel, cost per lead, landing page conversion rate (CVR%), customer lifetime value (CLV or LTV), LTV: CAC ratios, customer retention rate (CRR), customer acquisition cost (CAC) Goodway Group is #3 on AdAge's Best Places to Work! Who We Are Goodway is on a mission to solve the most challenging business problems by offering a suite of proprietary digital marketing technologies and solutions. Our AdTech, AI, and data analytics capabilities intersect to create actionable insights and drive measurable results for our clients. We pair our offerings with strong consultative mindsets, heightened critical thinking, and white-glove service.  Recent accolades: 2021 Ad Age Best Places to Work 2020 Finalist Digiday Worklife Awards 2020 AdExchanger Programmatic Power Player 2020 MarTech breakthrough awards"
280,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=b7d5e7871ee0c561&fccid=9ff926b033a6c08c&vjs=3,
281,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ff12ff2fb7138ef0&fccid=3d30677097704d8f&vjs=3,"Businesses Collins Aerospace Job ID 01452200 Most Recent Date Posted 05/21/2021 City Chula Vista State California Country United States Date Posted: 2021-05-17-07:00 Country: United States of America Location: HCA21: Aerostructures - Chula Vista 850 Lagoon Blvd, Chula Vista, CA, 91910 USA Collins Aerospace is looking for an FP&A Sr. Analyst, NPI Program to join a team of intermediate to experienced Financial Planning and Analysis professionals who provide financial analysis, budgets, and forecasts to management. You will be responsible for preparation of forecasts and performance of financial modeling to develop recommendations to drive the business. You will conduct unit cost analysis and be responsible for development programs transitioning to production. You will have ownership of the financial aspects of recurring cost (bill of material maintenance, hours, overhead cost and supply chain cost) and may assist with specific tasks related to the business cases for these programs. In addition, you will frequently work cross-functionally with other areas of the business including, but not limited to, Program, Supply Chain, Central Operations and Engineering. **Position is currently remote, but will work onsite when circumstances permit** Primary Responsibilities Prepares financial analysis, research, budgets, and forecasts to support short-term business goals and decisions. Develops financial reports, cash flows and statistical analysis to recommend business decisions. Provides reports to functional or operational management on financial analysis results and recommendations. Engages across business functions to support cost initiatives Performs economic research and studies of rates of return, depreciation and investments. Generates forecasts and analyzes trends in operations, supply chain, programs, engineering and other areas of business for financial and strategic planning purposes. Creates financial models of ""what if"" scenarios to help future business planning decisions Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s degree and 5 years of relevant experience OR Advance degree and 3 years of relevant experience OR In absence of a degree, 9 years of relevant experience is required Experience working with large data sets Able to communicate and make presentations to senior and executive level leadership Experience managing multiple and varied tasks ERP experience MS Office experience, Excel: look ups, pivot tables, PowerPoint-create presentations Able to travel up to 5% of the time domestically and internationally (when current environment permits) Must be a U.S. Citizen Preferred Qualifications SAP, BI, Power Query, Power Pivot Experience Collins Aerospace, a Raytheon Technologies company, is a leader in technologically advanced and intelligent solutions for the global aerospace and defense industry. Collins Aerospace has the capabilities, comprehensive portfolio and expertise to solve customers’ toughest challenges and to meet the demands of a rapidly evolving global market. Collins Aerospace’s Aerostructures business is a world leader in the design, manufacture, integration and support of nacelles - the aerodynamic structures which house aircraft engines. Our nacelle technologies improve fuel efficiency, reduce engine noise and supply critical stopping power when an airplane lands. Today, our innovative nacelle systems are featured on many of the world’s newest and most game-changing commercial, regional and business jet platforms. And we’re not stopping there: we’re working hard to create the next generation of nacelles that are greener, quieter and more efficient. In addition, our Engineered Polymer Products division is a leading developer and manufacturer of advanced, high-performance composite and elastomeric structures and products for marine applications. Whether in the air or underwater, we’re pushing the limits of innovation. Want to join us on this important journey? Diversity drives innovation; inclusion drives success. We believe a multitude of approaches and ideas enable us to deliver the best results for our workforce, workplace, and customers. We are committed to fostering a culture where all employees can share their passions and ideas so we can tackle the toughest challenges in our industry and pave new paths to limitless possibility. WE ARE REDEFINING AEROSPACE. Some of our competitive benefits package includes: Medical, dental, and vision insurance Three weeks of vacation for newly hired employees Generous 401(k) plan that includes employer matching funds and separate employer retirement contribution, including a Lifetime Income Strategy option Tuition reimbursement Life insurance and disability coverage Optional coverages you can buy: Pet Insurance, Home and Auto, additional life insurance, accident insurance, critical illness insurance, group legal Ovia Health, fertility and family planning Employee Assistance Plan, including up to 5 free counseling sessions Redbrick - Incentives for a Healthy You Autism Benefit Doctor on Demand, virtual doctor visits Adoption Assistance Best Doctors, second opinion program And more! Nothing matters more to Collins Aerospace than our strong ethical and safety commitments. As such, all U.S. positions require a background check, which may include a drug screen. Note: Background check and drug screen required (every external new hire in the U.S.) Drug Screen only performed on re-hires who have been gone for more than 1 year Raytheon Technologies is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class. Privacy Policy and Terms: Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms"
282,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=4e10e555b2912ee5&fccid=3bcef03e34391ca8&vjs=3,"Come work at a place where innovation and teamwork come together to support the most exciting missions in the world! Petco is currently looking for a Senior Financial Analyst, eCom Supply Chain.  As a Petco Senior FP&A Analyst, you would be responsible for assisting in preparation of the monthly forecast and annual budget for the Supply Chain – eCom channel, supporting the Petco leadership team, as well as providing regular and ad hoc analyses for the Petco organization. While at Petco, you will have the opportunity to enhance your skill set, think critically about complex challenges, and drive meaningful change. This role will work closely with key members of several teams on various facets of the company to devise strategic solutions to unique business problems. The individual will assist in financial analysis, modeling and evaluation to keep the business on track to meet its financial goals. This is a perfect opportunity for an individual who is detail-oriented, technically capable, holds a desire to solve problems and efficiently delivers a quality work product in a fast-paced, dynamic environment. This position will report to the Director of FP&A, Supply Chain and Commercial Build partnership with the Director of Digital Ops (eCom) to manage their Supply Chain reporting processes, including budget, forecasting, scenario analysis, budget cases, and month end accruals/reclasses Work closely with the Director of eCom Finance to support the eCom P&L, specifically postage expense forecasting and guidance on upcoming risks/opportunities to Forecast Serve as a financial consultant to the head of Petco Distribution Centers for business cases, including, but not limited to reviewing potential labor re-allocations between distribution centers in support of new sales channel goals and quantifying the impact on freight and other logistics costs As needed, provided financial model and business case support to the Merch/Owned Brand business development and Strategy VP on key initiatives Periodically support Petco Private Label (Owned Brand) business cases on the transportation forecasting Identify and help implement opportunities to leverage financial systems in ways that will provide visibility and transparency to business leaders in order to track against financial targets Collaborate with fellow Supply Chain SFA to systemize and introduce more automation into existing Supply Chain Finance close deliverables and reporting capabilities Manage the DC Shrink reporting and meeting cadence with all DC (Distribution Center) GMs and Inventory specialists Load all inputted non labor and labor forecasts into Planning Tool (Hyperion Essbase) Interface with the business leads to confirm assumptions used for budgeting and forecasting as well as provide input to assist with inventory planning Assist with preparation of monthly forecast packages, 5 Year Plan, and materials for Board presentations, as well as various other ad hoc reporting needs  Required Skills: A minimum of 3-5 years relevant experience operating in a highly analytical FP&A role, preferably supporting Supply Chain and/or Operations (Merchandising, Retail business units), as well as:  Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Accounting, or related field. Moderate to Advanced Accounting knowledge. Passionate about providing exceptional customer service to all internal business partners. Demonstrated expertise in leveraging financial systems to empower an organization to efficiently plan and monitor financial performance. Self-starter and ability to manage projects independently. Great interpersonal skills, a positive attitude, and the ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment. Passion for innovation and using technology to drive efficiency. Track record of success to drive process improvements. Extremely analytical and quantitative and comfortable building advanced spreadsheet models. Very detail oriented, with strong organization skills with the ability to maintain and keep track of multiple information sources. Proficiency in Microsoft Office (including strong Excel and PowerPoint skills). Understand and comfortably implement complex financial modeling techniques Strong data analysis background and experience with various BI tools (Essbase, Cognos BI), ERP systems (SAP, Oracle), and Data Visualization (Tableau, PowerBi, MicroStrategy Looker)  Petco Animal Supplies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, protected veteran status, or any other protected classification. Category: Corporate Location: 10850 Via Frontera, San Diego, CA 92127 Schedule: Full_time"
283,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9391e9a68d24fcbc&fccid=3d30677097704d8f&vjs=3,"Businesses Collins Aerospace Job ID 01460620 Most Recent Date Posted 07/09/2021 City Chula Vista State California Country United States Date Posted: 2021-07-01-07:00 Country: United States of America Location: HCA21: Aerostructures - Chula Vista 850 Lagoon Blvd, Chula Vista, CA, 91910 USA Collins Aerospace is looking for a Senior FP&A Analyst, Military Program who will coordinate multi-functional departmental information into military financial plans. You will directly support and provide financial analysis, forecasts, and recommendations to both ASG Finance and ASG Program leadership. You have responsibilities/opportunities to present financial packages to senior level leadership. In addition, you will be reporting to the Military FP&A Manager. Primary Responsibilities Coordinate multi-disciplined teams to develop financial and strategic plans to support newly won military programs. Develop the annual budget and recurring forecast process. Perform monthly financial variance analysis Analyze current and past trends in key performance indicators including all areas of revenue, cost of sales, expenses, capital expenditures, and on time delivery to provide visibility into business performance and areas to drive efficiency Subject matter expert on CAS, FAR/DFAR, DCAA/DCMA audits, TINA, government compliance as it relates to current and projected government programs Provide audit support for DCAA/DCMA and post award audits Work with program management team to understand and manage the ongoing relationships with each customer including reporting, analysis, contract re-negotiations and business growth strategies Effectively communicate financial results and trends to internal leadership and recommend appropriate course of action when results vary from forecast Plan, facilitate and implement ad hoc analysis or financial models to support decision making Drive changes to standard work across the organization. Foster a continuous improvement culture. Ensure internal financial controls environment is established and in compliance with US GAAP, SOX, CAS, and all international legal and statutory requirements Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s degree and 8 years of prior relevant experience OR Advanced Degree in a related field and minimum 5 years experience OR In absence of a degree, 12 years of relevant experience is required Must be a U.S. Citizen Financial Reporting and Analysis experience Detailed knowledge of key requirements, practices, and terms and conditions relating to the sale of products paid for by the Government including: Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), Supplement to the FAR such as VA, DoD, GSA, etc. and CAS (Cost Accounting Standards). Detailed knowledge of EVMS (Earned Value Management System) reporting Experience with Excel: Pivot Tables, Lookups PowerPoint, creating presentations Able to travel up to 10% when circumstances permit Preferred Qualifications Automated Reporting Tools: WebI, Business Warehouse etc. Master’s Degree Familiarity with the Aerospace industry SAP and HFM knowledge Comfortable working in a data driven, fast-paced, ambiguous, and entrepreneurial environment Ability to build relationships and foster a collaborative environment with all stakeholders Collins Aerospace, a Raytheon Technologies company, is a leader in technologically advanced and intelligent solutions for the global aerospace and defense industry. Collins Aerospace has the capabilities, comprehensive portfolio and expertise to solve customers’ toughest challenges and to meet the demands of a rapidly evolving global market. Collins Aerospace’s Aerostructures business is a world leader in the design, manufacture, integration and support of nacelles - the aerodynamic structures which house aircraft engines. Our nacelle technologies improve fuel efficiency, reduce engine noise and supply critical stopping power when an airplane lands. Today, our innovative nacelle systems are featured on many of the world’s newest and most game-changing commercial, regional and business jet platforms. And we’re not stopping there: we’re working hard to create the next generation of nacelles that are greener, quieter and more efficient. In addition, our Engineered Polymer Products division is a leading developer and manufacturer of advanced, high-performance composite and elastomeric structures and products for marine applications. Whether in the air or underwater, we’re pushing the limits of innovation. Want to join us on this important journey? Diversity drives innovation; inclusion drives success. We believe a multitude of approaches and ideas enable us to deliver the best results for our workforce, workplace, and customers. We are committed to fostering a culture where all employees can share their passions and ideas so we can tackle the toughest challenges in our industry and pave new paths to limitless possibility. WE ARE REDEFINING AEROSPACE. Some of our competitive benefits package includes: Medical, dental, and vision insurance Three weeks of vacation for newly hired employees Generous 401(k) plan that includes employer matching funds and separate employer retirement contribution, including a Lifetime Income Strategy option Employee Scholar Program, tuition reimbursement program Life insurance and disability coverage Optional coverages you can buy: Pet Insurance, Home and Auto, additional life insurance, accident insurance, critical illness insurance, group legal Ovia Health, fertility and family planning Employee Assistance Plan, including up to 5 free counseling sessions Incentives for a Healthy You Bright Horizons, back-up child / elder care and college coach resources Autism Benefit Doctor on Demand, virtual doctor visits Adoption Assistance Teladoc Medical Experts, second opinion program And more! Nothing matters more to Collins Aerospace than our strong ethical and safety commitments. As such, all U.S. positions require a background check, which may include a drug screen. Note: Background check and drug screen required (every external new hire in the U.S.) Drug Screen only performed on re-hires who have been gone for more than 1 year Raytheon Technologies is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class. Privacy Policy and Terms: Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms"
284,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=2431a0c18f06cad3&fccid=ded9605952442cb4&vjs=3,
285,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8f5ffef3f1393bf1&fccid=7a38dc183210a759&vjs=3,"POSITION SUMMARY:  We are currently seeking Full Time Senior level Project Control Scheduler for natural gas and electric utility projects in San Diego.  Read through the RESPONSIBILITIES, QUALIFICATIONS, and DUTIES CAREFULLY to obtain a thorough understanding of the position and skill level we are seeking for this position. No relocation assistance is available for this position.   RESPONSIBILITIES:  The Project Control Scheduler position provides support to Project Managers on various Utility projects with minimal guidance of the Project Manager/PCA Supervisor. If assigned, may perform functions in the Project Support Function; the Central Data Management Function; and/or the Central Financial Analysis Functions. QUALIFICATIONS:   Minimum: Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or its equivalent in education and experienceMinimum 5 years of experience in cost accounting and schedulingExperienced in using Primavera P6 or higher and SAP   Desired: Certified Associate in Project Management (CAPM) or Project Management Professional (PMP) CertificationExperience managing construction projectsSuperior ability to interface with and across supporting organizationsExcellent communication and presentation skills   Duties: Responsible for project tracking, analysis and communication of project cost, scope and schedule.In coordination with Project Manager develop project schedule and cash flow/forecast plans with functional department input.Create, maintain and update schedules.Document, monitor and communicate project milestones and risks with appropriate stakeholders.Attend project status meetings, collect progress data and revise project plan as needed.Track commitment on detailed work plans including schedule, cost, resource, contingency and communication plansUse the cost and schedule plan to determine if project objectives are achievable.Prepare various scheduling reports and maintain forecast accuracy. Prepare project performance analysis, cost, and schedule status reports. Identify cost and schedule variances from objectives and recommend corrective action.Assess project risk and formulate contingency plans to mitigate the risks.Effectively complete multiple projects concurrently and provide guidance to engineering on producing complex risk and alternative analyses, studies and conceptual designs for presentation to project sponsor.   We are an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.   COMPENSATION/BENEFITS:  We offer excellent pay, benefits."
286,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8af066049ba25ed6&fccid=bba3b2578c9adb92&vjs=3,
287,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9e78c4b24125d2f6&fccid=2bc6c14c68440d18&vjs=3,"Status Category: Full-Time Exempt/Non-Exempt: Exempt Scheduled Hours Per Week: 40 Job Code: BI0603  With over 100 offices and nearly 5,000 associates in major metropolitan areas and suburban cities throughout the U.S. CBIZ (NYSE: CBZ) delivers top-level financial and employee business services to organizations of all sizes, as well as individual clients, by providing national-caliber expertise combined with highly personalized service delivered at the local level.  CBIZ has been honored to be the recipient of several national recognitions: 2020 Best Workplaces in Consulting & Professional Services by Great Place to Work®2020 Workplace Excellence Seal of Approval by the Alliance for Workplace ExcellenceTop 101 2020 Best and Brightest Companies to Work For in the Nation2020 Healthiest 100 Workplace in America2021 Top Workplaces USA  CBIZ Benefits & Insurance Services is a division of CBIZ, Inc., providing benefits consulting, HRIS technology, payroll, human capital management, property and casualty, talent and compensation solutions, and retirement & investment solutions to organizations of all sizes. CBIZ is ranked as a Top 20 Largest Broker of U.S. Business (Business Insurance Magazine) and a Top 100 Retirement Plan Adviser (PLANADVISER). Essential Functions and Primary Duties Coordinate and lead projects designed to provide data analytics to support decision making process Deliver advice about the financing of risk-benefit programs, such as self-insurance, multinational risk benefits pooling, and employee benefit captive work Support intellectual capital development and new business opportunities Coordinate and lead projects such as benefit benchmarking, cost-saving projects, and governance processes Proactively identify issues such as legislation and market practice that impact clients Coordinate and lead projects designed to measure and monitor metrics Additional responsibilities as assigned Preferred Qualifications Bachelor's Degree with emphasis in Math, Statistics, Accounting or Finance Minimum Qualifications High School Diploma or GED required Over 8 years of experience in benefits analysis for group employee benefits Must have the ability to compile, analyze, present, interpret financial, and statistical information to facilitate decision making Must maintain current required licenses and certifications relevant to the field of expertise Demonstrate industry experience; product knowledge, proposal process, underwriting, regulatory trends, and presentations skills Expertise in managing clients with alternative funding arrangements Advanced skill in using computer application software for financial modeling, statistical analysis, and spreadsheet calculations Expert knowledge of state and federal benefits legislation Sets priorities and manages workflow to ensure efficient, timely, and accurate deliverables Demonstrated ability to communicate verbally and in writing throughout all levels of the organization, both internally and externally Advanced problem solving and critical thinking skills Must be able to travel based on client and business needs  CBIZ.Jobs Category: Benefits & Insurance   REASONABLE ACCOMMODATION  If you are a qualified individual with a disability you may request reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access this site as a result of your disability. You can request a reasonable accommodation by calling 844-558-1414 (toll free) or send an email to accom@cbiz.com.  EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER  CBIZ is an affirmative action-equal opportunity employer and reviews applications for employment without regard to the applicant’s race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, age, gender, gender identity, marital status, military status, veteran status, sexual orientation, disability, or medical condition or any other reason prohibited by law. If you would like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please visit these following pages EEO is the Law and EEO is the Law Supplement.  PAY TRANSPARENCY PROTECTION NOTIFICATION"
288,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=27980cf692d75b02&fccid=3d30677097704d8f&vjs=3,
289,San+Diego,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0DWzmAA4D_WVD5cyOYH3nJamrzsUZoGan403fICSzEd_BsVs6dCT_FQvvRpR_JkNGxUJmLgPFNJB0ds2i3QF1y-PmXTbxHgpeZDKBoB9VRGRjgtDBEDBmGRQ2hyVcol2sDMcPmH0LH8ua3X3kmhGRuVgZCYUjYX692jSRFIXqdYn8Sud_LKXjtrwbqnBC80jGyqUjwx_SDlmBCRrtY6SdPiDeh18kfpVatOcM0f8u8E4g0exdI5pPLPOUuyveJNdL2QZSBXU_lxcaPOqTya7J5cOHaX-Mry9OQEZWg-zCiNLoKZN8PJ1tUhVCWMblVklaPKFb01vVZkjz24injThTO0ZsW9YzQvJy7qB83mw3nUPzVFP2gfZfpBZ2AVLhVkRFBUBMFBLw1VOZf6ufn3PB-wh7q9aF_gOBvmzekbQWewdqLJac77amY1H-1IB0LvNjv63QYemgRFLEu3u3DgFmYpifzwnIfoGskkUYkP7eoa0Q_c0yDTtOfvGxN5Dk7yeH8ExUaw994zkmHaJA2wvb5q_VmdGIjfUnCDD0-N17HIg8tkUfmoLgsHxUPIqB1kR9ByNxb8GDHkP5jECmPdKJTX2zAdoUE3qAgUlxEfJs5plfQO-bo7GrLuiwLbKlyGYR7690Z96kl3y9A6T6MR-YBW3XHQ0teyj4t-5tZ5oAthKg-8c5k_zul5LjRYBsG6oDI6x7jgYdn7EsgZgtXUCt3U&p=14&fvj=0&vjs=3,"BRIEF STATEMENT OF THE PURPOSE OF THIS POSITION We are looking for a seasoned hands-on financial analyst with demonstrable experience in investment and divestiture financial modeling. The role will have direct line reporting into the CFO and a matrixed functional reporting into the M&A leadership. The role will deliver the following responsibilities in partnership with a cross functional M&A team that may include the executive team, investors, P&L leaders among other subject matter experts. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES OF THIS POSITION Iterative and comprehensive analysis & development of pro-forma models and sensitivities o Develop multi-year financial investment models in various levels of complexity and detail: o Initial view for LOI, go. no go – high level based on investment target provided data that is calibrated by TBH for reasonability, GAAP, synergies etc. o Investment Models that are based on historic target financials, at general ledger level, summarized and then projected based on variable assumptions: § Models have GAAP, Proforma adj, Cash to Accrual and other adjustments layered in along with audit trails § Output and findings from QoE are layered in and adjusted for § Integrated balance sheet, covenant and cash flow modelling Integrate and hand over financial models to Finance team for integration to general ledger and FP&A systems Valuations (TEV, public and precedent transaction P/E comps, DCF, other) – ie prepare potential investment valuations Internal cross functional deep dives / assumptions in partnership with Corp Dev lead Prepare materials in partnership with Corp Dev lead for Therapy Brands investment committee sign-offs EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE NEEDED FOR THIS POSITION BS finance CFA, MBA preferred SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED FOR THIS POSITION 10+ years of experience in a fast-paced full cycle M&A environment Demonstrable experience in acquisitions / divestitures completed with business impact Masterful executive presence and presentation skills Experience in health care related value propositions preferred Experience in proprietary deal preferred Deep and demonstrated modelling capability, strong excel and database skills SaaS Experience required Working knowledge of US GAAP, Valuation methodology, Banking PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORK ENVIRONMENT Normal working conditions require normal to close concentration, visual attention and manual dexterity. Lifting requirements less than 10 pounds. Moderate noise."
290,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0ALienlHV1AjsGN6KW4lv0q3sFluWg8J3uyNw9G7a3SoxuQRalS9qZS9msysvvXLYeLpeJXGjgEbjoysX5J6P9UOVpX2ITNKDtVzvUdSuqx6T1bz7nFnhspdqk9DE2HCbiVpVm4tzx9gqs8inj0qU1-mw7T2YQV4VyoGc1q-MlUNR0TG6XrvAFWopl4OGzvONqb8I3phsemN1ZzYtMKpZe4dmsXtjpPAgsfFRJ3qukI0rCu0P14ElRvv9S_MnhOg-s2NJ7aHW7ZH3_Xa2ZIzUPYtPpJFK4vMpdx9nRGMajnR1c1mx9_WMlB-qa6nr2x2b4RmfwtqG0mMNXAlsoaZcZbXRTfeEi5NJ-eMeCpssAQX-V7-Kaa4YfkOBLw4taJQL0eRiSctBwZS9ilmswlvmDU5EYlDCmjNs0s9bAeBgK416N5fn56O29YxJ_0xXIClqI_BCOxVZLmXI0wARx4f1SvACNAbp95pcZspmJgt8ICTmHo2KVeoLX3GxdM3dnzTTE=&p=0&fvj=1&vjs=3,"If you’re looking for a purpose and not just a job, join the Smoothie King team and turn your purpose into a fulfilling passion!Since pioneering the first nutritional Smoothie franchise in 1973, our mission has always been to inspire people to live a healthy and active lifestyle. Now, with over 1300 stores and counting, we have been ranked as the #1 Fastest-Growing concept in its category and #14 on Entrepreneur Magazine’s “Franchise 500” list in 2020! We’ve grown to become the largest nutritional Smoothie bar in the nation, with a simple recipe for success: Hire the best people, use the best ingredients and blend with a purpose!We are currently searching for a Financial Analyst to join our growing team in Dallas, Texas. The Financial Analyst is a key member of our team who will support our growth and success by taking an active and contributive role in Smoothie King’s financial reporting, planning, and analysis processes.Essential Functions / Major Responsibilities:Build and maintain robust financial and operational models enabling timely reporting.Assist in the design, development, and maintenance of automated business intelligence reports and dashboards for internal management, providing accurate and timely analytical and operational recommendations.Independently develop process improvements resulting in the development of new technological ways to streamline and improve reporting efficiency.Perform monthly variance analysis to generate reports for management.Consistently communicate across various functions and departments driving appropriate collaboration, coordination, analysis, and timing of deliverables.Maintain store-level sales, labor, and operating expense models for budgeting, forecasting, and operations scorecard targets.Provide support for acquisitions and due diligence matters, capital and lending initiatives, and other ad hoc projects.Foster relationships with other business leaders to drive operational improvement through financial analysis.Specific Job RequirementsSolid understanding and background of integrated financial and reporting systems.High level problem solving and analytical skillsAble to manipulate and leverage large amounts of data into meaningful reporting.Ability to identify and implement strategic objectives in area(s) of responsibility.Exceptional analytical, problem identification, and problem-solving skills with the ability to think strategically.Strong financial modeling and analysis skills is a must.Intellectual curiosity and professional ownership.Has a proactive and constructive style of engagement with business leaders to earn credibility as a finance partner who adds value and helps drive business results.Excellent ability to effectively manage multiple projects and competing priorities.Ability to package and present financial data/information in an executive manner focused on driving business decisions.Excellent written and verbal communication skills with all levels of the organization.Experience in the early stages of a high growth business preferred.Education and Experience RequirementsA Bachelor’s degree in Finance or Accounting.2+ years finance experience in the restaurant or retail industry experience is preferred (or internship with job-related experience).Expert level in Microsoft Office, with superior level of comfort in advanced Excel functionality including pivot tables, VLOOKUPS, arrays, etc. in support of robust modeling.Advanced experience using data analytic tools such as Tableau and SQL is a plus.Fluent speaking in the Korean language is required.What We OfferJoin our team and enjoy an unusually fun work environment with an upbeat atmosphere and great team members. It is our purpose to maintain an environment our team members can brag about, where our focus and belief are built on our core values: We Are Better Together, We Keep Evolving, We Live Our Mission, We Do the Right Thing, and We Focus and Finish. With our core values at the forefront of every decision we make, it allows for collaboration, passion, and a no-limits mindset when it comes to your future! We keep our team happy with our great benefits package, free smoothies, flexible work schedules, office lunches and parties, monthly fitness challenges, free gym access, and more fun activities to make Smoothie King a happy and healthy place to work.Our MissionInspire people to live a healthy and active lifestyle.Our VisionTo be an integral part of every health and fitness journey.Our ValuesWe: Do the Right ThingWe: Are Better TogetherWe: Live the MissionWe: Keep EvolvingWe: Focus and FinishAt Smoothie King, when we say inspire people, we mean everyone. We champion a diverse and inclusive workforce that is representative of the guests we serve. We blend the unique members of our organization, celebrating what is both common and different to grow better together and Rule the Day. The foundation of our diversity efforts is closely tied to our core values, which includes “We Are Better Together” and “We Do the Right Thing”. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer and consider all qualified candidates, without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital or family status, veteran status, or medical condition or disability. If you are a person with a disability and you need assistance in applying for a position with Smoothie King, please call our Human Resources Department at 214-935-8900 and direct assistance will be providedJob Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceEmployee assistance programEmployee discountFlexible scheduleFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offReferral programRetirement planVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payWork Location:One locationWork Remotely:No"
291,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BeAZJGg3SY7NvtTDFcTRkKpLXZb8oZguKqe0tjWwUzySNAme_k5hIh8T662bCKUlbDahYixCf_btVdagme2OmnAWIxRDEvBhm4ac3zwA4LWLbzhBF3aiqIgK5K0RM_EEKy8kJQX1oB6hbD4er_DO90iBNK7NdDwI7uQ-qCaipbCy9VKLq2kwZTREe4PF_Odf37sVT_UUgH-LlGZuxZ31CUOTeRfJ2jVWffvmg79gqMYcI1kPZOyi1MfrPAQgw5M98jwYYW58ruwweffmxba8-6OOBn1J8cpWb541Lnx2Vi3Pt-kt5OYo2EwiaV86H-d05agIlhpAxwtH0ddbh0YVLZy_O4Su4R4vPFxm02AmNDK9KlW-5vDYgWRe4MmBk9GJkKSV_zUoRAwnw3qCRGf0183Nb01NA7VUpPsac-5CTkZ0PU7A4j2h_9agW9FEcKAIUONlngDzihR6UWRvKGB28PTYPu8D8iJ4xCmYRLKDB0p3wHqA7GanNB&p=1&fvj=1&vjs=3,"Integrated Real Estate Group (Integrated Senior Lifestyles)Integrated Real Estate Group is not one company but several, with each providing years of proven experience and results in their specialization while remaining highly integrated with all of the others. We have become an industry leader in property management, development, construction, housing solutions, and senior living lifestyles since 1995. With high values, morals and standards reflected in everything we do, we strive to be the leader in building and operating senior living and multifamily communities. Join our team of dedicated professionals and jump-start your career. We know that when you succeed, we succeed!Integrated Construction and DevelopmentIntegrated Real Estate Group is not one company but several, with each providing years of proven experience and results in their specialization while remaining highly integrated with all of the others.Integrated Construction and Development is looking for a Financial Analyst to join our fast-paced and growing team in Southlake, Texas.Financial AnalystEssential Requirements: Prepare underwriting models for the acquisition, development, and disposition of various real estate investments.Updating financial models and budgets for existing projects.Assist with development and acquisition due diligence.Analysis and interaction with property managers, leasing agents, attorneys, title companies, insurance companies, tax consultants, brokers, borrowers, and client representatives.Conduct in-depth research on market analysis for each asset class.Desired Skills and Experience/ Requirements: About 0-2 years' Financial Analysis experience is preferred.Bachelor’s degree in a related field (Finance, Economics, Accounting, Real Estate, etc REQUIRED.Experience with Multi-family and/ or Senior Housing underwriting REQUIRED.Experience with Commercial Real Estate Finance/Analysis is preferred (Retail, Hotel, Multifamily and Office experience preferred).Highly skilled in Microsoft Excel.Organized and Detailed.Proficiency in Microsoft Office ApplicationsWriting Skills: Ability to read, analyze and interpret real estate leases, contracts, loan agreements, partnership agreements, professional journals and governmental regulations. Ability to write reports, and business correspondence, effectively present information and respond to questions from Company’s Board and Senior Management.Analytical Skills: Ability to calculate and explain complex deal structures, joint venture waterfalls, create proforma cash flows and valuation models, debt structures and associated un-leveraged and leveraged internal rates of return, equity multiples etc.Benefits: Dental InsuranceHealth InsurancePaid Time OffVision InsuranceReferral Programs – employees and residentsEmployee Rent DiscountFlexible, rotating work from home scheduleNow offering a SIGN ON BONUS!Enjoy luxury living at your employee price!We give any full time employee a 20% discount at ANY of our multi-family apartments immediately upon hire!Cut your commute! Cut your rent!Integrated Real Estate Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer.Integrated Real Estate Group participates in e-verify for employment authorization verification.Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:Dental insuranceDisability insuranceHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayWork Location:One locationWork Remotely:No"
292,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0C3HSao5N16elQ7X0pMUGwAN-a5v7KpcsUMnGzqpqtcy_PV6DVI_ZT9GtdlxaAkrnhLtBip-uF-ZddC9zAN4izODtGX14QjolG7AAMb6ftGjw7GStFBEFVvesztQrjYRFSTFp5Gr0e_BKu4D1rl42HkQTiVVzoKPf6SH_xcRQ0Vv6AfF5wkiRTXEQ_-jELLSAII4iNVVhdQbd0iZK98YGXRRJsuOc_qKimekwpBixkINu7na_CCq9lfA39s6hqLm08VzmfJYOQUZb7JikRjeymMNbtNg5CDhMYuJSpbHEXoO2DbFGEBb9oQ8WA3sJBy7jM0WUrDY1H-baZY8i8NfP_mRCc-Zn9cAJDjV0AW21zZkA4PK2DvpXbi1fWOS1Bx2dHiRTLDJnHcDW1MhdngV9SmUfvuUE2y7oaaW-cImgXR-vi7B7KFkmABMydhMdVGhY3EKr9-AertDS3wnq6Kay1jg9s1aAK5J9fpCDD30kZk_rcrp-2URY5jnq7oj-RRlmWRAZUutjhFQA==&p=2&fvj=1&vjs=3,"Grander Capital is seeking a talented and highly motivated Real Estate Analyst to assist in Financial Analysis and Market Research to perform various duties working in commercial real estate investment and finance.Assist in the following ResponsibilitiesAnalysis- Analyze real estate market data to identify trends and draw supportable conclusions to develop analysis, reports and property operating budgets and models for all commercial real estate classes.Due Diligence- Performed on new markets, sub-market trends and pipeline projects, Interpret and analyze financial statements and market data on potential deals. Assist in preparation of reports to clients. Prepare support documents required for financing.Budgets- Prepare detailed interim and stabilized operating budgets for both planned and existing projects.Research- Various risk management and legal issues as well as emerging real estate markets.Required SkillsUndergraduate Degree in Business AdministrationProficient with MS Office Suite, Strong Excel skillsets with ability to generate complex Excel-based analyses. Highly developed analytical skills including the ability to create complex spreadsheets and financial analyses. Ownership of work, innovative achiever, accurate and detail oriented, superior oral and written communication skills, team player.Job Type: Full-timePay: $60,000.00 - $80,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingHealth insurancePaid time offProfessional development assistanceRetirement planPhysical Setting:OfficeSchedule:Monday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payCOVID-19 considerations:Candidate will have an individual office.Education:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:Real Estate Analytics: 2 years (Required)Excel Modeling: 2 years (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No"
293,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0DlNXR7iZHEEVq9fvtKVQQLc88q0RD5VoHWJ6YGqchaPAZKAGKO4En0gxSi_72T_Srz978gTMlJeCBEtb3ytZdTryeUgQxm2_GIthUaSDU8wfazb8yK-l8Tqk4IL9CjXy_o3rgw81_TlkGFaybqwPMzz1bjZGeSGs9ycEtpPG0eAsJIpzC-dKhen_d2l6SM2uIlq88udKjHXyjx_LYIHbSo_1dITHUdQhUOf9Bez4h7ANPm2TcvE4aalwcE7LVBuH4K2cmzxBJmAyr7OhUlbur0cpVC-5obDtSpy0Gb3m-9ImoEUIOt5WSrFCHJQ-NtuHTLebL9CMAcZMrM8FTeDH2Wufbt9OdfUbE-2Ut1fO_RAzp3GZ5UmdhyxPQ7LEWcLiIlAxVfTLQR8O64JfA84l0BJjg-wrlotSe8hIclLC-ANvV7xtlTBGigTKytWr8yFP3_egyjSqKj-pHS2CtxVPpu0JxwEfJzxJjdDi2kU_Soq2JNs9SWSqqKiz3d0vIRTeuql2rkGymUw49E8918Qca3EZbn_EEC5_pKy_Ux5ntQlqNoozZX3JmmmR0jHxQTO_ld27dN8_nCD9qozXU9zG6vbxTTrFNciHL-ikUMfisjPp7SxLx1wFnGNURWs6jxoLTWNI9ig4g_0YvdmuHbBIr4UrNtYZ4VeG9_bo9QYGQ6JURL2JSLr6TDaI2Dxf3dx2abiCaFG93OzOe--3-c2l4Y5bLCePo_K2AdWgGYWECWKkekHIbJgjjSCmsG0JYduX3EjglDHfhVMAFTZmsJX8MXz-vscrVxDtSeI06GjBhH6LpnKv5PkFOYZ1MupeAOOuuyE1Dh1Z1w3__yG3kbEu9YT-qlZTLwkp9GbD5k4vCSlMPD31sTtHkR0QjJBkUpj0Z6nCCA1hewlf0Y8qQb1Zu_yKEE8x6GUrswulJ0vDafQBkmJ4puW4A3E_8x_fnqMy4xDbkxCURoJdzHshmy_NyN-fliK3YO76T0cuWuIMkSWA==&p=3&fvj=0&vjs=3,"The Financial Analyst will provide analysis; implement processes and tools to drive operational and financial excellence across the regions and stations. Focus areas include, but are not limited to, executive level reporting, data analysis, financial modeling, and evolving into a subject matter expert who can easily liaise between Corporate Finance and Operations. The ideal candidate will be highly self-motivated, with strong trouble shooting and analytical skills. This role will work closely with the Regional Vice Presidents, Station General Managers, and Accounting and Corporate Finance. Strong project management skills and problem-solving skills are essential to be successful in this role.  Responsibilities and skills needed are as follows:   Manage and prepare monthly, quarterly and routine financial reports and presentations to management. Work closely with Region Vice Presidents and WFS leadership team to design and improve regular (weekly/monthly) reporting and tracking mechanisms. Develop and perform analyses to understand and improve all aspects of the operation. Review and investigate the company’s accounting transactions to improve data accuracy Conduct in-depth research of historical financial data; analyze and report company’s current financial status Support Planning in conjunction with Corporate Finance to build and execute the annual operating plan. Provide support in formulating and implementing departmental and organizational policies and procedures to maximize output. Participate on special projects. These projects are far ranging and will involve detailed analysis to justify a specific business purpose. The Financial Analyst will quickly identify issues and opportunities, develop effective solutions, communicate recommendations, and take actions to meet our business and operational goals. Provide operational and financial information and analysis to support monthly operational reviews, management review meetings, revenue contract reviews (system wide and at local level to ensure billing accuracy). Facilitate meetings with the direct involvement of stakeholders and gather feedback on requirements, develop effective solutions, and communicate recommendations. Excellent oral and written communication skills required; experience and comfort working virtually with the organization in North America. High attention to detail with excellent analytic and research skills Also requires expert Excel skills, with ability to comfortably use pivot tables, macros, and importing / manipulating data. Exceptional skills in PowerPoint a must. Experience with SAP a plus Must be a self-starter and able to work independently Attributes required include: strong business acumen, collaboration skills, customer focus, ability to manage complexity, exceptional communication and accountability Cost accounting experience in a logistics environment and/or accrual-based accounted experience preferred.  Required Skills  Required Experience  Bachelor's degree in Finance from 4-year college or university 0-2 years related experience as a financial analyst preferred Ability to read, write, fluently speak, and understand the English langu"
294,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0Cvpe-75Dpoyq-Jg5dA594xdtL6TV5WVtiS77JGs3G9kRS9qPHK35wH2WyIZtSWo62IxbsbpdK_sm2BDg4O5oJmIO6JK2ivfNIf62Y99QImaZh7hBZP0Ok0R-JzPIIrtDzdAZHpJTRjrg4bi9GMfvfJ-IBgxjyzTNfe4V2g4O--XVNXG0Y11YaEVYJGleLnHCwN8X_mp88Zd9phqm5LEWV2d2rFWVp7YK_bEUh0kLq8K04VoGPlb1325woPNYe7mcQPyfs8OXHkAhkKZ2Wsz6zZ_ktqPRrJ5Et8NU5AfkLJndHxHXGCTxTbVmytkmtU4rU7ukVeDUN-OYaq9cgoxPRbMjKYvglXGU6aah5of2UdYXmDowIstun1Cj_v8FRj2GsHWpiiC57xK8RHcbC-AY5nIuCG26rd4qgaNkHtpot5TxjC3UwdrXCWiOprLyWGBi1MBdoxn1IDU7_cxbZY2yb0ixmUd6-f6UYADU8BFb4ozCCnspWY_jvItMDPbVYUOyJlva4QqJRx_A==&p=4&fvj=1&vjs=3,"The Operations analyst role sits between the Business Unit and the company's Finance, IT and Payroll departments to facilitate reporting, forecasting/budgeting, sales incentives, and planning for future growth.The operations analyst is responsible for delivering accurate and complete sales and revenue reporting on a monthly, quarterly, and annual basis for their assigned BU’s. The data for each business unit may be in the form of excel files and database queries, or may not exist and may need collaboration between the BU, IT and Sales Operations to create. An inquisitive nature and drive to understand data is necessary.The Business Units range in size from very small to mid-size organizations and have varying levels of sophistication in data management. Ability to communicate at a very high level as well as having detailed discussion on data nuances is critical to understanding and communicating with all BU’s.The ideal candidate will be able to develop relationships with the Business Units and support them through results reporting and insights, while also having the technical expertise in data capture and analysis to ensure the data is accurate and complete.· Key job responsibilities include revenue forecasting, budgeting, data validation and analysis of sales KPI metrics and trends.· Attention to detail is critical.· Able to analyze the data captured and find the anomalies and inconsistencies.· Ability to identify trends, seek out drivers of results and tell the story of what’s happening in the business unit.· Experience presenting and sharing insights from data to all levels of an organization.· Proven advanced excel skills are a must. Prefer experience building MS Access databases, Power BI files, etc.· Ability to handle adversity and tight deadlines.· Team player· Requires a minimum of 5-7 year’s experience in data analysis.· Experience in FP&A (Financial Planning and Analysis) in support of sales is ideal.Job Type: Full-timePay: $85,000.00 - $95,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Sales forecasting: 4 years (Preferred)Advanced Excel: 4 years (Preferred)Financial planning: 3 years (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No"
295,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0D9b-eYdUFiHE1HDjb0B2WfORMsKYCjSi-ziiTY80yHvgs6_BQliyRMtP29X4A4fKBNmQV4mIsqN7ccZbZ_zA1xR9AvBdSfMUyzl-r8hPU7einjZzRFFOdzg-D--cDgJtzF4vEuxIZbvq6l7eTHRT_qDGt0DmCq0VPRNI8h-PfmOgXUMobGWAqXZlEtaEmwsorl0B_J8YSk6xwru8otBudxgMbpOYf6R7kvzteoXvA9yWjXP4bxDWGK-bha1rdEq5z5Bu_GFALSyUAinjJboXmqMLkqtSxaft83zTGGxoXccXgFfFVdAY9ywLvsN7xwm4C3DKyIyKK-HNQEHaPDxIm6I3RLrL5CSIUHY_zTR02fxvMLJG5UbwyXr9s4JMUWlXQa7-fB474qj0vUkXg1W6iq-0WPXYiIb7IJECAduQfFF6_CGKwxwu6YBAd8OpSgVcD3-YR4lzKNDDA_ywXSjRlH49Ai6roQYRlqLt-Cd4oEzQ==&p=5&fvj=1&vjs=3,"This is a direct hire role, with marvelous benefits. We need you to join the biotech team that is making great strides in the fight against cancer.Position Summary:The Financial Analyst supports critical ongoing reporting and data insights to assist the CFO and the Executive Leadership team in making decisions about the Company’s financial status and future. This position is located at the Irving, TX headquarters, directly reporting to the VP of Finance, and will work closely with the Finance and Accounting teams to produce accurate and timely reporting related to operations and the company’s financial performance. (Some remote working may become available under the right circumstances.)Job Responsibilities:Serve as key support for forecasting, annual budget, long–term planning, monthly close, and analytics for a variety of functional groups.Develop, deploy, and communicate on-going monitoring of relevant business metrics, across financial and non-financial areas.Perform headcount and capacity planning analysis of key operating trends and related financial metrics.Provide timely periodic and ad hoc financial reporting results to management team, analyze and communicate variances to plans, and provide performance improvement recommendations.Assist business planning efforts within assigned groups to ensure optimal implementation and on-going management of business models.Provide support for month-end close activities within established deadlines, including monthly reporting of production activities, department cost results and variance analysis, as well as any required journal entries.Load and maintain several data templates through Hyperion, critical to monthly and periodic executive reporting.Required Qualifications:Bachelor Degree in Business/Accounting/Finance required1-3 years of experience in Corporate Finance and/or FP&A functionsDirect experience in financial modeling, capacity planning, forecasting, and budgeting.Knowledge of the main components and drivers of income statement, balance sheet and statement of cash flows.Financial reporting skillsets to synthesize large amounts of data and information for presentation of resulting insights to business partners and executive leadership.Preferred Qualifications:Biotechnology, healthcare, and/or laboratory industry experience a plusPrivate Equity experience is helpfulAdvanced expertise in Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint; Knowledge of Looker, Tableau, and similar BI applications a plus.Direct hands-on experience with Hyperion and Smart View preferred.Core Skills & Competencies:Detail-oriented, excellent work ethic, positive attitude.Ability to manage multiple simultaneous projects effectively in a fast-paced, rapid-change, high-energy environment.Demonstrated results-driven orientation. Ability to self-manage and prioritize workload to meet delivery deadlines and solve complex problems.Strong verbal and written communication skills. Willingness to share and receive information and ideas from all levels of the organization in order to achieve the desired results.Job Type: Full-timePay: $75,000.00 - $90,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceEmployee assistance programFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offRetirement planTuition reimbursementVision insurancePhysical Setting:OfficeSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayAbility to commute/relocate:Irving, TX 75039: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)Application Question(s):Please take a moment to mention your experience with Hyperion, Looker, Tableau, or Smart View, if any.What tools have you used to create models and forecasts?What are your current salary needs?Education:Bachelor's (Required)Work Location:One location"
296,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=2df80bdbfb73d8a5&fccid=edae4285faf6c2f0&vjs=3,
297,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0DzX9bKA-nrYKWcjjPrcuzMuapzvcymFZrcZjn-rigyi1Lzwcm4jtvZY6uV9JqoSBN5g1oWdAakGiEnp4ZMyFMvyUwgxd69a-c4SbxQJZ1OCrurBWUoZT21jI74clOPlGMEQHI6X2Mym6WZhULoIXPUzkbj_jBvn273eX5Bu-l-Wtql-SDztKO7V7G0zjp57BtbnL_PiMZLvYgNoF4mZQCrDwJpMcpDX3cseIIIe-9-iekhhBQLZxyt2KCocod_mdk6LH7tdQi34JZhrOHqdEeEbd7jqGO860r-azVv9Kqesh0K38qbLmWx-9-g9W562dY1fWni0wZ0dtq1FprfeWIARMK1W5jWPg6ZQ--dIPDxtwYzMlZtOhAgeeoJFG8g1Pa3hJZoTPOToqUS0C9NJQEF8LIRbHhTZbL9R9avDRGABQgh70G8Tce7LMkTMs4Ayq3GDdRVyEtglqoD09whwsdkibEDMbkwZvBiqO4MKju26UQD1dI9EQq4&p=7&fvj=1&vjs=3,"Unity Search has been engaged by a top performing company in the Retail/Restaurant industry in its search for a Senior Financial Analyst Contractor. This role will be responsible for a variety of tasks including but not limited to: budgeting/forecasting, FP&A analysis, financial modeling, business case analysis, decision support, and various other special projects executive management. The ideal candidate for this role would have 3+ years of related FP&A experience and/or public accounting experience with similar industry exposure. Business-related degree required; MBA or CPA certification preferred. Our client has experienced significant growth and has a great corporate culture. Salary for this role will depend on experience but will probably fall in the $40 to $50 per hour range.Job Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $40.00 - $50.00 per hourSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:Corporate Finance: 3 years (Required)Work Location:One location"
298,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=283883620545444f&fccid=c9b9e477b3c84b4d&vjs=3,"Posted 05-Aug-2021 Service line Advisory Segment Role type Full-time Location(s) Dallas - Texas - United States of America JOB SUMMARY Responsible for analyzing information to prepare various reports and loan submission packages. Knowledgeable on fundamental concepts, practices and procedures associated with commercial real estate finance, including commercial appraising, market analysis and investment analysis. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Responsible for analyzing information to prepare various reports, opinions and loan packages. Knowledgeable on fundamental concepts, practices and procedures associated with commercial real estate, including valuation, market analysis, and investment analysis. Prepares a variety of analyses, statements and reports for management review; arranges for preparation of graphics or illustrations to include with research findings. Prepares forecasts and analyzes trends in commercial mortgage finance, general business and industry conditions. Prepares reports and loan submission packages for review by Producers. Serves as liaison with clients, lenders (if applicable), and government agencies (if applicable). May conduct ad hoc studies for management upon request. Other duties as assigned. SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES No formal supervisory responsibilities in this position. May provide informal assistance such as technical guidance, and/or training to coworkers. May coordinate and assign tasks to co-workers within a work unit and/or project. QUALIFICATIONS  To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  EDUCATION and EXPERIENCE  Bachelor's degree (BA/BS) from a four-year college or university in a business related field. Some prior related work experience preferred but not required.  CERTIFICATES and/or LICENSES None.  COMMUNICATION SKILLS  Strong written and verbal communication skills. Ability to provide efficient, timely, reliable and courteous service to customers. Ability to effectively present information to supervisors and finance management.  FINANCIAL KNOWLEDGE  Requires knowledge of basic financial terms, concepts and accounting principles.  REASONING ABILITY  Ability to comprehend, analyze, and interpret financial information and the ability to accurately explain/report activity in verbal and written communications. Requires intermediate analytical skills.  OTHER SKILLS and ABILITIES  Computer skills, including specific knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, Word, Outlook, PowerPoint, etc.). Strong work ethic and adaptable.  SCOPE OF RESPONSIBILITY  Decisions made with understanding of procedures and company policies to achieve set results and deadlines. Responsible for setting own project deadlines. Errors in judgment may cause short-term impact to co-workers and supervisor."
299,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=b7ddb87d6ccb4d30&fccid=03e5fef1f1c1b85d&vjs=3,"Businesses Raytheon Intelligence & Space Clearance type None / Not Required Relocation eligible No Ability to Telecommute Full time telecommuting Job ID 184488BR Most Recent Date Posted 08/03/2021 City Dallas State TX Country United States Raytheon Intelligence & Space (RI&S) is looking for a Financial Analyst to join our Technical Accounting Project Set-Up team. The Project Set-Up team has the overall responsibility for establishing projects for new contracts in the accounting system by verifying all awards are properly authorized and by choosing and applying the appropriate revenue recognition methodology to ensure the accuracy of the reported financial results and that transactions are in compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley section 404.  The ideal candidate will be a motivated, highly analytical and detail-oriented professional who can ensure internal customer satisfaction and help cultivate continuous improvement. Ability to work with detail data, good systems skills, complex problem resolution, creativity, excellent communication skills, and effective time and resource management skills in order to meet multiple deadlines are essential. The selected candidate will be a part of a challenging and dynamic team that supports RI&S in delivering technologies that our customers need to meet any challenge. This is a critical and challenging role that supports Mission Areas and Programs which provides great experience and lots of opportunity for growth.  Required Skills: Creates new projects in SAP and updates existing projects when contract modifications are authorized. Performs review of contracts to ensure the document is properly authorized, assesses for performance obligations and segmentation, and determines the proper method of revenue recognition. Provides audit support to RI&S Internal Control Excellence (ICE), Internal Audit, PwC, as needed. Researches technical accounting issues for compliance and ensure quality control over bookings and revenue recognition reporting. Exposure to and involvement supporting RI&S Mission Areas and Programs. Provides ad hoc analysis and support for projects. Basic Qualifications Proficiency in Microsoft Office Applications. Ability to utilize, analyze, and interpret detailed data. Excellent organization and critical thinking skills, ability to work well in teams, and excellent communication skills. Experience meeting deadlines and working in a dynamic, team-oriented environment. Preferred Qualifications Experience with SAP desired but not required. Ability to identify and analyze problems and communicate recommendations effectively to multiple levels within the organization. Experience or knowledge of Defense Contract Audit Agency (DCAA) regulations and/or practices. Required Education (including Major): Bachelor’s degree in Accounting, Finance, or Less than, in the absence of a degree equivalent relevant experience and less than 2 years prior relevant experience will be considered. 184488  Raytheon Technologies is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class."
300,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a4f36715ee7689eb&fccid=245cecf5f0560d8c&vjs=3,"Deptartmental Summary  The Department of Neurology at UT Southwestern Medical Center is a nationally-recognized leader in the comprehensive management of neurological conditions. Our vibrant department comprises more than 75 full-time faculty in 12 subspecialty sections, supporting a spectrum of complex and innovative approaches to neurological care, a broad range of novel research programs, and a panoply of educational opportunities for trainees.  The department offers access to the latest innovative treatments in one of the most rapidly advancing fields of medicine, and features an Advanced Comprehensive Stroke Center and a Level-4 NEAC Epilepsy Center. Through collaborations with the O’Donnell Brain Institute, the department is building state-of-the art facilities for drug and device testing, and bringing current and new faculty together for collaborative research on brain disease therapy.  Position Summary & Preferred qualifications/experience  This position will be supporting the department finance and accounting team. Ideal candidates would have previous finance experience in an academic medical center. Candidates must possess and be able to demonstrate the following preferred qualifications/experience. Candidates will be expected to provide a cover letter detailing their past experience/skills and interest in this position.  Demonstrated customer service skills  Ability to interact with various communication styles  Demonstrated experience working effectively in a team environment to support multiple stakeholders  Demonstrated ability to communicate effectively, both verbally and in writing.  Proactive work ethic  Process-oriented  Experience and Education  Bachelor's degree in finance, accounting, or other related field and no experience required.  Job Duties  Completes monthly financial management reports and reviews all reports for errors and inconsistencies; analyzes variations in forecasts and actual performance; determines reasons for variance; develops recommendations for improvement; completes written summaries of financial data.  Assists with preparing monthly financial reports, schedules for annual financial reports, and reports to various government agencies, ensuring conformance of such reports with applicable procedures and regulations of University of Texas System and Federal and State agencies concerned.  Identifies areas of poor performance, presents findings, and makes recommendations to upper management.  Prepares financial models and conducts financial analyses.  May assists in maintaining controls for policies and procedures for financial system; develops and maintains delegation of authority of various procedures, such as check requests, refunds, invoice approval, bad debt write-offs, etc.  Assists with special projects as requested.  **Other Duties: Performs other duties as assigned.  Security  This position is security-sensitive and subject to Texas Education Code 51.215, which authorizes UT Southwestern to obtain criminal history record information  Salary  Salary Negotiable  UT Southwestern Medical Center is committed to an educational and working environment that provides equal opportunity to all members of the University community. In accordance with federal and state law, the University prohibits unlawful discrimination, including harassment, on the basis of: race; color; religion; national origin; sex; including sexual harassment; age; disability; genetic information; citizenship status; and protected veteran status. In addition, it is UT Southwestern policy to prohibit discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression."
301,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=99c6ab333ef638ca&fccid=af82077fe70ed430&vjs=3,"Join the largest manufacturer of tile and natural stone in the United States and watch your career stand out with Dal-Tile, a subsidiary of Mohawk Industries.  Our close-knit team of dedicated professionals has made us the success we are today. In exchange for their hard work, we support our people with a family-friendly work environment, a commitment to promoting from within, unique benefits that go beyond just medical and dental, and a belief that every employee deserves a productive life outside of work. If this sounds outstanding to you, take the first step forward and explore a career with Dal-Tile.  The Financial Analyst provides reporting and financial analysis support for HCS and Distributors.  Summary: Monitors account activity to determine required expense reclasses. Prepares monthly reports as required. Prepares and publishes several financial analysis reports such as overtime and productivity. Analyzes and reports on various expense activity. Prepares monthly analysis for various P&L statements. Provides input to budgets and period forecasts related to assigned areas as requested. Prepares ad-hoc reports and analysis as required. Assists in the monthly/quarterly calculation of commissions and/or bonuses. Assists in the calculation and accrual of customer rebates. Assists in monthly financial close as needed. Participates in the annual plan preparation. Performs other related duties as required  Experience and Education Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in Accounting or Finance. Advanced degree or professional certification a plus but not required. 1 – 3 years’ experience in accounting or finance-related position. Strong to advanced Access and Excel skills. Ability to manage and complete multiple projects on schedule with a high degree of accuracy. Must be able to communicate effectively with peers and workers in many areas outside Finance. Must be willing to complete both recurring monthly reporting and ad hoc projects. Practical knowledge of GAAP (generally accepted accounting principles) and Sarbanes-Oxley.  We offer competitive salary and a comprehensive benefits package, career opportunities, and an environment of creativity and growth. Examples include: Company Match on 401k, Employee Purchase Discount, and Tuition Reimbursement.  Dal-Tile is a proud supporter of our U.S. military, veterans and their families - Thank You for Your Service! Active military, transitioning service members and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply.  Mohawk Industries, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer including disability/veteran committed to an inclusive workplace and a proud Drugs Don’t Work participant."
302,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=d239ff476c45f0ad&fccid=aeb15e43a6800b9d&vjs=3,
303,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=838227904930c179&fccid=adeec92308b36da7&vjs=3,
304,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0DzX9bKA-nrYKWcjjPrcuzMuapzvcymFZrcZjn-rigyi9Sur7k3IqpTRdXTtra9MyD2EACslegaX5LfW-VVKlnPTmk0V-BBLUMGYsoolE0D2TUhQIA072_aa3sNd0s14zBVhtFKtWuLCpKjyQmtFcbS61ehsWwYoCunTF-xF0X98s0-svKkpJCLSp--Vv_OXISmzVNtyuho6SxgnamRLACUkPkFiqHizy4P2v1a4qXGsDmm2yZCGqTKxNb9FnHqG0eAWvYPMLodbp8NhcJfRf4-IasFYU2TJWHig5omS7WVpzdx41j-HIX94VuCj3b-OLf6z5VodlTK_384T0uplraI1MOVWyDfsDrLolMYL_RHXegrIBePVmVmCh-WNS1PN-X9cTcYKM_L-EFw9wuInuw91dXcx1ZhWk11VL7j2z6c2AVTtVtx_szfSICqumJWbkPVQ4XIYmq9HoiWSLU_FwYc2VePLUxas6zmzfwQJUdtgf7rl5PZ34gdidvSuIkYnw4=&p=4&fvj=1&vjs=3,"Unity Search has been engaged by a top performing company in the Retail/Restaurant industry in its search for a Senior Financial Analyst. This role will be responsible for a variety of tasks including but not limited to: budgeting/forecasting, FP&A analysis, financial modeling, business case analysis, decision support, and various other special projects executive management. The ideal candidate for this role would have 3+ years of related FP&A experience and/or public accounting experience with similar industry exposure. Business-related degree required; MBA or CPA certification preferred. Our client has experienced significant growth and has a great corporate culture. Salary for this role will depend on experience but will probably fall in the $80K to $95K range + Bonus.Job Type: Full-timePay: $80,000.00 - $95,000.00 per yearBenefits:Dental insuranceHealth insuranceVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:Corporate Finance: 3 years (Required)Work Location:One location"
305,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0DzX9bKA-nrYKWcjjPrcuzMuapzvcymFZrcZjn-rigyixXYPsTqjjlTnV3NKE6D825TO_4K0VLEaQkUmoiuizPLgr7wld3FrWWY062oRO8q44MbV7yKXcVNP-qSYaU49R4KL1oVmN2y2NJyZEpPOlauME8OxkCGoo5s2Yzy1tHVY_alXDFBJ6Y1TyNOAn8yZu9nArxyYX5XLjC8QMUHX2Z95-F2pXwOiVU1jQUA7x6EAzIyynOZ2GvsMIEm-ivGmda9tP6ZtRCNoW1V9fpIB-nVdp1Sgyy0hduTMw0FxLDS90OFMR78ncQJmqUWg_55yuJ0SjDvWSrZd7QkwGRjP8w8NblMbGuNoOqd3QWSGf24h6Kj3U2WzEwOWxvjyDjQzknfbGC73jJX10KVTDQfvCUZwEKGf48S-7K6ISBAC-3LYwEVU0iCaBBLUGysN07z56StkAvzj7FrwVjSEL0lY9TDbE1LzhHuIh_tIhrwSzTePY3XCaoKa1GiCcPs4w7p0_DUFD2kWaPv6ca0hjNyAeXe&p=5&fvj=1&vjs=3,"Unity Search has partnered with a desirable hospitality company in North Dallas in search for a Financial Analyst/Senior Financial Analyst to join their Corporate Finance team. This company is growing aggressively both organically and through acquisitions. This role will contribute to the preparation of the Company’s corporate forecast by assisting in the budgeting and forecasting of various revenue streams and operating expenses as well as analyzing monthly variances in the financial statements. This role has TONS of exposure to upper level executives including the C-Suite and Board of Directors and will collaborate with other departments including Accounting, Treasury, Operations and Development on a daily basis. Ideal candidates will have 2-4 years of public accounting experience or corporate finance/FP&A experience. Finance or accounting degree required. Compensation for this role will depend on experience but likely fall in the $75K to $90K range plus bonus.Job Type: Full-timePay: $75,000.00 - $90,000.00 per yearBenefits:Dental insuranceHealth insuranceVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayWork Location:One location"
306,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=f8ca9437e669de27&fccid=0317871b2fd545bc&vjs=3,
307,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=6c27898642e913c3&fccid=d2310af9b3bb8585&vjs=3,"Overview: We are not just offering a job but a meaningful career! Come join our passionate team! As a Fortune 50 company, we hire the best employees to serve our customers, making us a leader in the insurance and financial services industry. State Farm embraces diversity and inclusion to ensure a workforce that is engaged, builds on the strengths and talents of all associates, and creates a Good Neighbor culture. We offer competitive benefits and pay with the potential for an annual financial award based on both individual and enterprise performance. Our employees have an opportunity to participate in volunteer events within the community and engage in a learning culture. We offer programs to assist with tuition reimbursement, professional designations, employee development, wellness initiatives, and more! Visit our Careers page for more information on our benefits, locations and the process of joining the State Farm team! INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL – EQUITY ANALYST State Farm is the largest insurer of cars and homes in the United States and a major provider of life insurance. The primary objective of State Farm Investments is to manage and invest in assets that align with, and support, the insurance operations of the organization. The investment portfolios are managed by a team using a collaborative and interactive approach. Assets under management exceed $300 billion. The Equity Investments Team is based in Richardson (Dallas), Texas and manages over $100 billion of equity investments on behalf of State Farm. Equity investments include both publicly-traded common stocks and private equity investments. These investments are managed by dedicated public equity and private equity teams. The teams are focused on executing a risk aware strategy that invests in high quality businesses and private equity partnerships to achieve State Farm’s objectives. The strategy is based on long-term ownership, not trading. The role will be to support the equity team through research and analysis of existing investments as well as involvement in the selection of new investments. The candidate will have the opportunity to develop a long-term career and a broad range of skills in equity investing. Initially, the analyst will be assigned to either the public or private equity team. An opportunity will be provided to work with both the public and private equity teams over the first few years of employment. Responsibilities:  Responsibilities of the Investment Professional – Equity Analyst may include: Gathering, analyzing, and evaluating information about portfolio companies through primary research, earnings calls & analyst days, and management meetings to assess risk and evaluate return potential Assisting in the evaluation of stocks for potential inclusion in State Farm’s portfolio Preparing in-depth analysis and periodic review presentations for individual stocks Assisting in the screening and due diligence of private equity general partners Preparing in-depth due diligence memos and annual review presentations for individual private equity partnerships Interacting with portfolio company management teams, private equity general partners, and other industry contacts Collaborating with colleagues across investment asset classes to share information, expertise, and ideas Qualifications:  Preferred Competencies and Experience: MBA or undergraduate degree in finance, accounting, economics or related field, with strong academic achievement Willingness to pursue the CFA designation and an MB 0 - 3 years of relevant equity experience Ability to process large amounts of information, develop insights, and assess risk Ability to work collaboratively as part of a team, as well as operate independently Strong prioritization, time management, and organizational skills to meet deadlines while maintaining attention to detail Desire to continuously learn and develop and put developed expertise into action"
308,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=500f86ba98c81dc0&fccid=6016e849f1100b1e&vjs=3,
309,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=445ac576ab791be9&fccid=4144c0c6235e4037&vjs=3,"Prudential Private Capital: 2022 Real Assets - Energy Investment Analyst Location(s): Dallas, TX Timeline: We review applications on a rolling basis, and we encourage you to apply as soon as you are ready. Our goal is to notify you of your status within 3 weeks after each application period concludes. Application Periods: Period 1: July 15, 2021 to September 1, 2021 Period 2: September 1, 2021 to October 1, 2021 Period 3: October 1, 2021 to November 1, 2021 All applications should be fully completed by November 1, 2021 To ensure you are considered for the opportunities you want most, you are only able to apply to 3 positions per recruiting season. All applications must be submitted within one sitting. Your Impact: Start your career with one of world’s leading investment managers as part of our three-year Analyst Program in Real Assets - Energy. The Analyst Program provides structured training and a robust and challenging work experience in a team-oriented environment that values work-life balance. What You Can Expect: Challenging and interesting work – we are one the largest investors in the private capital markets Formal structured training alongside on the job training Foundational, broadly applicable training on how to better understand companies and industries Being a part of a large, vibrant and diverse cohort of Analyst Program peers across the globe Direct, daily partnership with senior level investment professionals on small teams A collaborative and collegial team environment Exposure to a broad range of domestic and international companies across the energy value chain involving upstream oil & gas production, pipelines and related energy infrastructure as well as utilities Investment activities include senior debt, project finance, junior capital, and structured equity Direct exposure to senior executives at portfolio and prospect companies A fast-paced learning environment while maintaining a balanced life Prudential Private Capital is the private capital investment arm of PGIM, the global investment management business of Prudential Financial (NYSE: PRU). Prudential Private Capital manages roughly $100 billion of private debt and equity investments in over 1,000 companies across the world. Click here to learn more about Prudential Private Capital. Your Day to Day: Industry and company research Financial modeling Writing investment recommendations Communication with portfolio companies Preparation of marketing materials Your Desired Skills: Candidates must be enrolled in an accredited bachelor’s program or 5th-year master’s program graduating around May 2022 Minimum 3.0 GPA required Excellent analytical and writing skills Interest in investing Successful candidates must possess US employment authorization to be eligible for consideration. Prudential does not provide visa sponsorship for this position Our Application Process: Submit your application. Receive invitation for first-round digital interviews – Part one includes telling us about yourself via a digital introduction. Part two includes answering pre-recorded interview questions with the business(es) that are advancing your applications(s). Last step, final round interviews– If selected, you will have the opportunity to meet with us in person or virtually to learn more about our business and culture. For 2022 early talent roles, our process is designed to help you learn more about Prudential and share your story with us. Digital interviewing allows greater flexibility, enables a quicker interview process, allows us to meet more candidates and share your story with more members of your team. Prudential Financial, Inc. of the United States is not affiliated with Prudential plc. which is headquartered in the United Kingdom. Prudential is a multinational financial services leader with operations in the United States, Asia, Europe, and Latin America. Leveraging its heritage of life insurance and asset management expertise, Prudential is focused on helping individual and institutional customers grow and protect their wealth. The company's well-known Rock symbol is an icon of strength, stability, expertise and innovation that has stood the test of time. Prudential's businesses offer a variety of products and services, including life insurance, annuities, retirement-related services, mutual funds, asset management, and real estate services. We recognize that our strength and success are directly linked to the quality and skills of our diverse associates. We are proud to be a place where talented people who want to make a difference can grow as professionals, leaders, and as individuals. Visit www.prudential.com to learn more about our values, our history and our brand. Prudential is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, genetics, disability, marital status, age, veteran status, domestic partner status , medical condition or any other characteristic protected by law. The Prudential Insurance Company of America, Newark, NJ and its affiliates. Note that this posting is intended for individual applicants. Search firms or agencies should email Staffing at staffingagencies@prudential.com for more information about doing business with Prudential. PEOPLE WITH DISABILITIES:  If you need an accommodation to complete the application process, which may include an assessment, please call (800) 433-8960, prompt 4 or email accommodation.h&w@prudential.com. Please note that the above number and email are solely for individuals with disabilities requesting an accommodation. If you are experiencing a technical issue with your application or an assessment, please email careers@prudential.com to request assistance."
310,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9e557e9b785e3eb7&fccid=aeb15e43a6800b9d&vjs=3,
311,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CPB3noF1NENlJPM86OGCE4Nk9caxPEn8lKE6Or7Tx2wzIBmUtF_OOARKrypN6FKr_4vO9-L9vptxFCYl64A--FrrvlxphaFfjCd5HefUZpwfWNrevE87-9xV1cPnRcVIV5JW6v6bFjoBW8l46DClC2IfitinR59NfuDgW-T38QW-V7KtNcTmWGJ0lWtzn-s1jaOeaO6F8UJ4UpAQBhFFv_0VlFFaRJELu8NRKz9_m5gwPbMcMvVFtm8OxSx-kPVVHi-2GtDXf9yut762rwR9AyFXHTSaAHHcTv6l99iOKht8-99RyAxKz3FlLRRO--TGAr8unF2NqQN3NIFfnqr4EXjgHmBuSyy_cGX9R24hnVR3g0Z5Gdj5_wLXs7TDNp_taux65OvCB-PdFnn5usP1nt5iXL0Ad8AZ-TBcNf60Ct829k6IcfYIRLcxSGGlEaowjnMACALSGtE3M8ZAyMnXxA7yvxviVdWFO0coft8urgAOd8ffjCZMEo&p=12&fvj=1&vjs=3,"Key ExperienceNeed to know modeling and Excel – need to know more than just pivot tables, be a good data minerBuilding out financial models – not just take existing models, need to be able to interpret what the models are doingCash flowsStaffingAccounting – lots of accounting workP&LBalance sheetDebit/creditRevenue/expensesJournal entriesExperience with ERP systemsMinimum 3 years’ experienceJob Type: Full-timePay: Up to $93,000.00 per yearSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:High school or equivalent (Required)Experience:Accounting: 3 years (Preferred)Microsoft Excel: 3 years (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19"
312,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=675ecd5adc3f4258&fccid=47feb0effe4ed4f2&vjs=3,
313,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=bbb6c11be5a12a2f&fccid=56f1935a06c3b47d&vjs=3,
314,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8277877c3135879f&fccid=8bd81ef059ce067f&vjs=3,"About this Job  3E Management, LLC (“3E”) is searching for a Financial Analyst to be responsible for real estate financial modeling for 3E’s private equity clients. The candidate would be expected to provide significant leverage to the owner, working with part-time professionals as needed.  Responsibilities  Assist in creating Excel and ARGUS acquisition/development models for all real estate property types for 3E’s private equity clients Assist in evaluating and improving Excel financial models for 3E’s private equity clients Assist in creating and managing portfolio models for 3E’s private equity clients Assist in creating waterfall calculations for 3E's private equity clients Assist in managing part-time professionals, as needed Other responsibilities as assigned  Qualifications  Top Shelf Academy Level I Certification Bachelor’s degree 0-2 years of experience, compensation based on experience Thorough with strong attention to detail and strong organizational skills Ability to anticipate management’s needs and to propose solutions Self-motivated, someone that can demonstrate initiative Excellent working knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite (Outlook, PowerPoint, Word, Excel) Excellent written and oral skills Strong problem solving skills Ability to multi-task and manage multiple priorities Must uphold the highest level of professionalism, as well as confidentiality  Firm Profile  3E Management, LLC is led by Eric Bergin, who has over 19 years of experience in real estate and finance. In 2016, Mr. Bergin founded 3E, a consulting company that provides financial and strategic analysis to private equity companies and family offices around the world. Over the last 12 months, 3E has underwritten over $15 billion of transactions for their clients. Prior to forming 3E, Mr. Bergin was a Director at Rockpoint Group and was responsible for the finance group, as well as certain acquisitions, asset management, and investor reporting activities. Mr. Bergin started his career as an Associate at Pricewaterhouse Coopers, where he had responsibilities in the financial advisory services group. Mr. Bergin graduated from Southern Methodist University in 2001.  3E is an equal employment opportunity employer, and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, age, disability, national origin, citizenship, or any other protected characteristic. 3E is committed to diversity in its most inclusive sense.  About 3E Management, LLC  3E Management, LLC (""3E"") provides institutional-quality private equity consulting services and analysis to Private Equity companies, developers, family offices, and institutional investors. In the last 12 months, 3E has underwritten over $15 billion in transactions for our 125+ clients."
315,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=d239ff476c45f0ad&fccid=aeb15e43a6800b9d&vjs=3,
316,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0DzX9bKA-nrYKWcjjPrcuzMuapzvcymFZrcZjn-rigyi9Sur7k3IqpTRdXTtra9MyD2EACslegaX5LfW-VVKlnPTmk0V-BBLUMGYsoolE0D2TUhQIA072_aa3sNd0s14zBVhtFKtWuLCpKjyQmtFcbS61ehsWwYoCunTF-xF0X98s0-svKkpJCLB2N6gsgLTz9cgKUKnRWLa_ka4TFEMG8lxMWzdB1GfeIxzkHwrlR1_rwAHttZjIbA2sEK0R-i4spSm_rGe0NJ7Fz-mK9EfMnCsTCK7BCY9ytKVdBiaem-B15vKTF4pUg7vxmQASmuAeMA-TuCSbv2SD4o5VHjjRSf0nJyK6lo37liZsSoR8CQSWue1xbDDr_8DsltiLttCG-NiN_WmbyKLf_Jx0T5qLtattfk6iKnO_Gpiz1ku2fa2c6CzaZgQj4kGLZyS2VrncGnHb4A1OLH4BVcGsAXAXul5jXhV86DDkYSUmeS3bhonovjiei3uLJVKXGD4BxobMw=&p=3&fvj=1&vjs=3,"Unity Search has been engaged by a top performing company in the Retail/Restaurant industry in its search for a Senior Financial Analyst. This role will be responsible for a variety of tasks including but not limited to: budgeting/forecasting, FP&A analysis, financial modeling, business case analysis, decision support, and various other special projects executive management. The ideal candidate for this role would have 3+ years of related FP&A experience and/or public accounting experience with similar industry exposure. Business-related degree required; MBA or CPA certification preferred. Our client has experienced significant growth and has a great corporate culture. Salary for this role will depend on experience but will probably fall in the $80K to $95K range + Bonus.Job Type: Full-timePay: $80,000.00 - $95,000.00 per yearBenefits:Dental insuranceHealth insuranceVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:Corporate Finance: 3 years (Required)Work Location:One location"
317,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=cc9384caa6698394&fccid=e02f55b36e7efb4c&vjs=3,"Physicians Surgical Network Affiliates are looking for a Financial Analyst to join our team. PSN Affiliates, manages surgery centers throughout Texas and is looking for talented Analysts to partner with to give superior patient care. Minimum Requirements 4 years/Bachelor's Degree in Finance, Business, Accounting, or related field. Must possess a fundamental understanding of the standard concepts, practices, and procedures of accounting/bookkeeping Two (2) years in similar role; healthcare-related preferred Proficiency with a computerized accounting system Compensation and Benefits: *COMPETITIVE HOURLY RATE *VISION *401K *MEDICAL *PTO Accrued *DENTAL  Position Summary The Financial Analyst is responsible for the financial analysis, planning, forecasting, and reporting needs of the assigned business unit(s). The incumbent will lead the creation and presentation of new financial models, ad hoc financial analysis, business case support, and provide proactive insights of trends and activities within the assigned business unit. Position Responsibilities Works directly with CEO, COO, VP of Finance, and senior management on essential corporate finance and corporate development assignments in a fast paced and dynamic environment. Performs in-depth due diligence and valuation modelling on current portfolio holdings and prospective acquisitions. Acquisition analysis may include leveraged buyouts, distressed medical facility recapitalization and turnaround analysis, equity swaps, syndication of investors, and analysis of prospective debt structures. Produces valuation models on current and prospective organic capital projects including building medical facilities from the ground up. Prepares financial and operational materials and presentations for executive management, lenders, current and potential investors, and board of directors. Provides analysis of financial data and performance measures, trend analysis, pro formas, forecasts, and the monitoring of key financial metrics. Prepares reports for CEO and senior management, including recurring reports and ad hoc reports. Develops tools and analytics to perform various types of financial analysis. Provides variance analysis of budget vs. actual results for assigned areas, providing explanations of the causes of any variances. Leads the budgeting and forecasting process, including the development and analysis of operating budgets. Develops procedural costs and profitability analysis for clinical services. Develops productivity analysis and work - load assessments for clinical services. Partners with the Director of Reimbursement and Director of Revenue Cycle Management to conduct price and rate analysis based on costs and assists in the development of sliding fee scale. Provides analysis and information as necessary to support the external audit. Obtains the necessary supporting documentation and prepares analysis as requested by external auditors. Participates and/or leads special projects as needed. Works with business management and clinical teams to assist in the development of new procedures or processes to improve performance. All other duties as assigned. *****PSN AFFILIATES PROVIDES SERVICES THROUGHOUT THE TEXAS AREA TO INCLUDE BUT NOT LIMITED TO EL PASO, SAN ANTONIO, AUSTIN, PLANO, FORT WORTH, CARROLLTON, FRISCO, AND IRVING***** #LI-JM1"
318,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=6697906fca2aa80d&fccid=81afca2b6beac17a&vjs=3,"Position Overview Spectral MD, Inc. is seeking a highly motivated Financial Analyst who will assist the Finance Manager and the Accounting team in the performance of their job duties such as accounting closures, internal control responsibilities and budget exercises. At Spectral MD, Inc. we frequently work in small teams to solve problems, explore new technologies, and learn from one another. Primary Duties/Responsibilities Budgeting / Forecasting Support in implementing a yearly budget exercise for the Group Support in updating the budget 3/4 times a year Analysis and explanations of variances between budget & actuals or forecast & actuals Implementation of corrections' actions Internal control responsibilities: Procedures Framework Inventory of procedures framework Creation of procedure template Planning of procedure implementation Implementation of finance procedures Support in writing and implementation of HR and operational procedures Internal reviews: Planning and realization of internal reviews Preparation of report with conclusions and recommendations Actions' plans follow-up Participation on external audits and support resolution of audit findings Other duties linked to the internal control needs of the company Accounting Support for Holdings (US and UK) Support in maintaining correct records of all transactions regarding Holding company Management of Account Payables for Holding company Month-end / half-year / year-end closures Support the Accounting team in the closure process Preparation of the monthly Board reports (P&L / BS / AP / Budget update / explanations of variances etc) Qualifications: Required Education and Experience Bachelor's degree in business, finance, accounting or any finance related field Minimum of 2 years experience in a similar role Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Have an inherent interest in Finance/Accounting and great business acumen Strong attention to detail, organization, multitasking, and time-management Writes, presents, and communicates in an articulate and persuasive manner, across a variety of platforms Team player who enjoys working with and helping others in a collaborative environment Problem solver Great analytical skills Physical Requirements: The physical demands described below are representative of those that must be met by an individual to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer. Must be able to lift up to 15 pounds at times. Travel: N/A Spectral MD, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer and participates in E-Verify. All applicants will be considered for employment without regard to race, color, ancestry, national origin, sex, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, religion, age, disability, gender identity, results of genetic testing, service in the military, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws."
319,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=c35acea47ab327b9&fccid=ff2f194f4f693964&vjs=3,"Role Summary The Financial Analyst is responsible for preparing and analyzing financial information for Epic’s various line of business. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Analyzes financial results, monitors variances, identifies trends and recommending actions to management. Reconciles transactions by comparing and correcting data. Recommends actions by analyzing and interpreting data and making comparative analyses. Increases productivity by developing automated analyses and processes and coordinating information requirements. Prepares monthly and half-year submissions of financial information to Signature Aviation, Epic’s parent company, for inclusion in Signature’s consolidated financial results. Manages the budgeting and forecasting activities for Epic that include models for revenue changes and expenditure increases/decreases, operational drivers and analysis. Protects Epic’s business by keeping financial information confidential. Assisst with annual audits by independent CPAs as required.  Position Requirements Qualifications and Skills To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting or Finance; MBA preferred 3-5 years’ experience Ability to read and comprehend simple instructions, short correspondence, and memos. Ability to write simple correspondence. Ability to effectively present information in one-on-one and small group situations to customers, clients, and other employees of the organization. Ability to calculate figures and amounts such as discounts, interest, commissions, proportions and percentages. Ability to apply concepts of basic algebra and geometry. Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to deal with problems involving several concrete variables in standardized situations. To perform this job successfully, an individual should have advanced knowledge of Excel, Outlook, Word and PowerPoint. Physical Demands The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to stand; walk and talk or hear. The employee is also frequently required to sit. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 10 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include ability to adjust focus. Work Environment The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. An Equal Opportunity Employer including Disability/Vets While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently exposed to an open office setting in a climate-controlled building. The noise level in this environment is usually low or moderate  Primary Location: United States-Texas-Irving-EPIC Irving Texas Office  Job Category: Analyst, Financial I  Schedule: Full-time  Employee Status: Regular"
320,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=500f86ba98c81dc0&fccid=6016e849f1100b1e&vjs=3,
321,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=d9606dc3cefcbedb&fccid=94e270ac085628e3&vjs=3,"CTDI is a large scale logistics repair and engineering company that services the country’s largest telecommunications and cable providers. CTDI has over 9,000 FT US Employees in over 50 world class US Operations. CTDI also has a global footprint with more than 17,500 employees worldwide.  Supporting one of CTDI's divisions, the Financial Analyst will support the financial functions of the division and specific customer. The Financial Analyst will need to ensure accuracy in reported financial data and participation in daily P&L reporting and completeness of revenue and expenses through GL close. They will need to work closely with the Corporate Controller to monitor forecasting and GL accuracy for the division. This role will require the qualified candidate to conduct a complete trend analysis, development/monitoring of budget and the monitoring over invoicing process for accuracy. This individual will be responsible for (but not limited to):  Daily profit and loss forecasting and analysis. Overseeing the financial inventory control process. Product pricing and budgeting. Supervising and monitoring client invoicing, AP, and AR. Building databases and developing queries and calculations for financial reports. Analyzing and evaluating key elements of the customer's program such as: 3rd party expense analysis. Order activity trends. Inventory control. Key performance metrics. Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports. Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems. Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets. Work closely with management to prioritize business and information needs. Locate and define new process improvement opportunities. Other duties as assigned.  Required Skills  Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques. Strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages. Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy. Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings. Ability to work well in a matrix-structured environment. Proactive problem solving ability. Strong organizational and follow-up skills.  Required Experience  B.S. Degree in Accounting, Finance, or other related field or relevant work experience. 3+ years experience in a Financial role. Demonstrated knowledge of Oracle, Excel and Access or other data management experience.  Apply today to join our dynamic team! CTDI offers an excellent compensation and benefits package and has been a growing leader in the telecommunications field for over 40 years. Come put our successful history behind your career! EOE, Gender/Minority/Veterans/Disabled  CTDI does not accept unsolicited employment agency / recruiter resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited resumes to our website, to our HR Department or to any CTDI employee. CTDI will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm without a signed fee agreement or to any firm who was not issued a search assignment from CTDI's HR Department. CTDI will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered."
322,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=6c27898642e913c3&fccid=d2310af9b3bb8585&vjs=3,"Overview: We are not just offering a job but a meaningful career! Come join our passionate team! As a Fortune 50 company, we hire the best employees to serve our customers, making us a leader in the insurance and financial services industry. State Farm embraces diversity and inclusion to ensure a workforce that is engaged, builds on the strengths and talents of all associates, and creates a Good Neighbor culture. We offer competitive benefits and pay with the potential for an annual financial award based on both individual and enterprise performance. Our employees have an opportunity to participate in volunteer events within the community and engage in a learning culture. We offer programs to assist with tuition reimbursement, professional designations, employee development, wellness initiatives, and more! Visit our Careers page for more information on our benefits, locations and the process of joining the State Farm team! INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL – EQUITY ANALYST State Farm is the largest insurer of cars and homes in the United States and a major provider of life insurance. The primary objective of State Farm Investments is to manage and invest in assets that align with, and support, the insurance operations of the organization. The investment portfolios are managed by a team using a collaborative and interactive approach. Assets under management exceed $300 billion. The Equity Investments Team is based in Richardson (Dallas), Texas and manages over $100 billion of equity investments on behalf of State Farm. Equity investments include both publicly-traded common stocks and private equity investments. These investments are managed by dedicated public equity and private equity teams. The teams are focused on executing a risk aware strategy that invests in high quality businesses and private equity partnerships to achieve State Farm’s objectives. The strategy is based on long-term ownership, not trading. The role will be to support the equity team through research and analysis of existing investments as well as involvement in the selection of new investments. The candidate will have the opportunity to develop a long-term career and a broad range of skills in equity investing. Initially, the analyst will be assigned to either the public or private equity team. An opportunity will be provided to work with both the public and private equity teams over the first few years of employment. Responsibilities:  Responsibilities of the Investment Professional – Equity Analyst may include: Gathering, analyzing, and evaluating information about portfolio companies through primary research, earnings calls & analyst days, and management meetings to assess risk and evaluate return potential Assisting in the evaluation of stocks for potential inclusion in State Farm’s portfolio Preparing in-depth analysis and periodic review presentations for individual stocks Assisting in the screening and due diligence of private equity general partners Preparing in-depth due diligence memos and annual review presentations for individual private equity partnerships Interacting with portfolio company management teams, private equity general partners, and other industry contacts Collaborating with colleagues across investment asset classes to share information, expertise, and ideas Qualifications:  Preferred Competencies and Experience: MBA or undergraduate degree in finance, accounting, economics or related field, with strong academic achievement Willingness to pursue the CFA designation and an MB 0 - 3 years of relevant equity experience Ability to process large amounts of information, develop insights, and assess risk Ability to work collaboratively as part of a team, as well as operate independently Strong prioritization, time management, and organizational skills to meet deadlines while maintaining attention to detail Desire to continuously learn and develop and put developed expertise into action"
323,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BTYkY06FZEdAAtNWO-eDAfNklmfZymsMF6eFRONl7rAMN5x_2sHrqXfWPo9rHDxSON8y_k-t8O4eRpR_L6h3bNRYVJhe8Wb5dMZUhlTzNMFlnGdB6ImpHZUiMrrnQSjD9BSO51ziFAKuXSNCsInUem_Ih0OV-ea5-9YdHVNPOsaVlgsGiEl2Lhz1c5QvB18URNrufHet-CWRqkvHVg5A4pZa_ZHJ52RcMFLIjuJGgnrEPqjT2RhWEY1Xwvikr4WlEfzEFXFt2vPM213dPm8k42sO6Xmz0ijVVd2mlgGp4MUfs5Bk9B4lW_bhhKKRm58tFK8yhM5KOZEiMLmgByfaDPoQOsMbJywFx4bMHU9cC-DKePFyYbFPAralvgUtw70n0Ysf5Tk98w_rMrAaKcL9-mgZtSZsSC4FCP97IIgMGCtUroc_u-I8sBwxNFHJYHict4_eSNF8Jz5jF-Ms2Y0LjMIn64lUPPiTeI0Iu4Ht_8k46mPj6K6rxM&p=11&fvj=1&vjs=3,"Perform financial data analysis in preparing financial metrics and build reports for higher level associates; provide management and business clients with project statuses; perform reporting and analysis to support presentation and ad-hoc requests.Financial reporting and analysis, including budgeting, forecasting, variance analysis, financial reporting, and communication of risks and opportunitiesCollaborate with system analysts to maintain and develop reporting toolsCoordinate and collect input data from Financial Analysts in different departments, check data integrity, summarize and convert data, run models, verify, analyze, and communicate output dataBusiness presentations: Assist in development of presentations to communicate analysis results to senior audiences, clearly articulate outcomes of analysis to leadership teamsAd-hoc requests and special projectsJob DescriptionAs a Financial Analyst in our Infrastructure Line of Business (HR, Tech, Risk Management, Real Estate) you will work for a company that invests in ways to tell stories, view trends, and diagnose results in a more compelling and visual nature. You will have the opportunity to partner with business customers on driving strategic business direction that leads to sustainable performance and you will be asked to challenge our current well-managed processes to be more proactive, effective and efficient. Financial Analysts perform financial data analysis in preparing Profit & Loss or other statements and frequently build reports for higher level associates; provide management and business clients with project statuses; perform reporting and analysis to support presentation and ad-hoc requests.Roles require strong communication, problem solving, strategic thinking, and influencing skills in order to effectively:- Articulate outcomes of analysis and relevant insights- Develop presentations to communicate business and analysis results to senior audiencesPrincipal AnalystResponsibilities: Develop the Annual Budget, Monthly Financial Forecast and the Long-Term Financial PlanDevelop financial models and analyses to support growth of the business and strategic initiativesAnalyze current and past trends in key performance indicators including areas of revenue, expenses and capital expendituresMonitor performance indicators, highlighting trends and analyzing causes of unexpected varianceAnalyze complex financial information and reports to support accurate and timely financial recommendations to management for decision making purposesPrepare monthly, quarterly and annual Reporting and AnalysisIdentify industry trends and insights pertaining to competitor’s strategies and/or relative financial performance (e.g. peer benchmarking)Perform ad hoc analysis using data retrievals from internal financial systems and external market databases and package insights into clear and concise presentationsWork closely with the business leads to help identify areas and processes for driving efficienciesImplement and work with Business Intelligence Tools and Dashboard reportsBasic Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in a quantitative major (Finance, Accounting, Economics, Mathematics, Engineering)At least 2 years experience in financial analysis and financial modelingJob Type: Full-timePay: $35.00 - $42.00 per hourBenefits:Health insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:FP&A: 2 years (Preferred)Infrastructure line of business: 1 year (Preferred)Hyperion: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19"
324,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=b9a21e53cfc8631c&fccid=25b5166547bbf543&vjs=3,"At AT&T, we’re connecting the world through the latest tech, top-of-the-line communications and the best in entertainment. Innovation powers all that we do, and our groundbreaking solutions deliver compelling communication and entertainment experiences to millions of customers worldwide. As part of our team, your next big idea could be our newest innovation. Here’s your opportunity to combine your passions for entertainment, media and technology to transform our company and your career. Overall Purpose: Responsible for conducting and documenting more complex financial analysis projects, works on problems of diverse scope including the analysis of financial reports, trend, and opportunities.  Key Roles and Responsibilities: Evaluates and translates the business plan into sales objectives. Gathers, interprets and evaluates key operational drivers and influence on financial results and sales compensation plan, monitors sales achievement to ensures pay for performance, and makes recommendations to drive most effective use of sales commissions expenses. Determines financial consequences of alternative methods, plans and strategies. Evaluates financial performance including cost or budget administration. Performs complex data modeling and financial analysis. Job Contribution: Uses professional concepts and company objectives to resolve complex issues in effective ways. Works on complex issues where analysis of situations or data requires an in- depth evaluation of variable factors.  Experience: Typically requires 5-7 years’ experience. Supervisory: No  Required Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Science, Engineering, Finance, or a technical related field Five years experience in accounting, financial analysis, or financial reporting Good communication skills. Excellent interpersonal communications and project management/leadership skills Excellent desktop skills (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, MS Access)  Desired Qualifications: Five or more years experience in Financial Analysis, modeling and forecasting MBA in Finance preferred  AT&T will consider for employment qualified applicants in a manner consistent with the requirements of federal, state and local laws"
325,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9df23b00d2d6e816&fccid=0b0a8bd4cd0ba643&vjs=3,
326,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=d7ee729690f6ed76&fccid=9920ee1b59ec7530&vjs=3,"Cyber Defense Labs is a full life-cycle information security service provider helping companies manage, detect, and respond to today’s cyber risks. We provide trusted cyber risk management services to help companies reduce business risk before, during and after a cyber event.  Financial Analyst Reports to  Controller Job Summary  The Financial Analyst is responsible for supporting management in the financial planning process and operations analysis. Primary Duties and Responsibilities Develop and prepare specialized reports, forecasts, profitability analysis, pricing analysis, other ad-hoc projects, and complex financial models. Enhance the content and create intuitive designs/layouts for company presentations to better communicate information and ideas. Review month-end financial reports, construct financial projections and recast financial statements, provide variance analysis, research financial irregularities, and use the analysis to develop meaningful financial reporting. Provide decision support for Management, Finance, Sales, Operations management, and Contracts by analyzing data and providing solutions/recommendations in response to anticipated and unanticipated fluctuations in the company’s business. Support the annual budget process including creation of financial models and preparation of budget presentation and explanation. Provide support for essential business improvement and corporate strategy projects. Performs other related duties as required. Required Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree in accounting, finance, statistics, economics, business administration, or other related field. Three to Five (3-5) years directly related work experience involving financial data, financial planning and analysis and the application of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Experience should include demonstrated competence in business operations. Strong analytical skills and comfortable with large, complex data sets. Ability to work in a dynamic environment that requires critical thinking and strong analytical skills Able to work under tight time constraints and work effectively in a cross-function team environment Advanced Excel and PowerPoint skills Ability to exhibit the utmost discretion with sensitive and proprietary data  Preferred Qualifications Financial analyst experience in a Cyber security industry is a plus.  Must be able to pass criminal background, credit check and drug testing. Applicants must also be authorized to work in the U.S. without sponsorship, now or in the future."
327,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=d7ee729690f6ed76&fccid=9920ee1b59ec7530&vjs=3,"Cyber Defense Labs is a full life-cycle information security service provider helping companies manage, detect, and respond to today’s cyber risks. We provide trusted cyber risk management services to help companies reduce business risk before, during and after a cyber event.  Financial Analyst Reports to  Controller Job Summary  The Financial Analyst is responsible for supporting management in the financial planning process and operations analysis. Primary Duties and Responsibilities Develop and prepare specialized reports, forecasts, profitability analysis, pricing analysis, other ad-hoc projects, and complex financial models. Enhance the content and create intuitive designs/layouts for company presentations to better communicate information and ideas. Review month-end financial reports, construct financial projections and recast financial statements, provide variance analysis, research financial irregularities, and use the analysis to develop meaningful financial reporting. Provide decision support for Management, Finance, Sales, Operations management, and Contracts by analyzing data and providing solutions/recommendations in response to anticipated and unanticipated fluctuations in the company’s business. Support the annual budget process including creation of financial models and preparation of budget presentation and explanation. Provide support for essential business improvement and corporate strategy projects. Performs other related duties as required. Required Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree in accounting, finance, statistics, economics, business administration, or other related field. Three to Five (3-5) years directly related work experience involving financial data, financial planning and analysis and the application of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Experience should include demonstrated competence in business operations. Strong analytical skills and comfortable with large, complex data sets. Ability to work in a dynamic environment that requires critical thinking and strong analytical skills Able to work under tight time constraints and work effectively in a cross-function team environment Advanced Excel and PowerPoint skills Ability to exhibit the utmost discretion with sensitive and proprietary data  Preferred Qualifications Financial analyst experience in a Cyber security industry is a plus.  Must be able to pass criminal background, credit check and drug testing. Applicants must also be authorized to work in the U.S. without sponsorship, now or in the future."
328,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=41e8db0ef615ae7c&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3," BA or BS in Finance, Accounting, Business, Economics, or a highly analytical field (e.g., Engineering, Math, Computer Science) 5+ years of non-internship finance experience, or master’s degree and three years of non-internship finance experience  Do you want to be part of an organization that is developing and launching new business models across the world? If so, the AMXL operations team is looking for an experienced leader with a strong record of achieving results, to own and execute high visibility, strategic and revenue generating projects. These projects include building supply chain solutions that are customized for large and heavy items. We need leaders who are capable of breaking down and solving complex problems for the benefit of our quickly expanding customer base.  We seek a strong leader who can prioritize well, communicate clearly, and consistently deliver results. You must have the capability to create and present whitepapers for senior executives, and align roadmaps with Amazon’s strategic objectives. A key to influencing stakeholders is to have the ability to solve complex, technical problems with simple, innovative and practical solutions. Excellent written and verbal communication skills are essential. You will leverage your education and work experience to lead initiatives to streamline planning/reporting, decide on investments, drive efficiency initiatives, and pursue customer experience benefits in AMXL to drive P&L benefits. The role requires an individual who is willing to work in an ambiguous environment and make a big impact. The successful candidate will have a passion for providing data-based decision making. You continuously look for areas of improvement, and implement automation in order to reduce your manual work load to focus on delivering insights into the business.  The Financial Analyst - AMXL will be part of a team focused on Fulfillment operations, where the team has functional responsibilities split between Fixed, Variable, Launch, & 3PL functions. Within this functional support structure, the Senior Analyst will be responsible for supporting reporting and planning activities.  Responsibilities include:  Autonomously partner with multiple stakeholders such as Operations, Supply Chain, and Finance teams to plan for and ensure attainment of productivity goals Coordinate the cost forecast, which includes understanding and developing forecast timing methodologies  ·  Lead variance analysis and provide consolidated narratives for monthly/quarterly business reviews  ·  Leverage financial knowledge and business acumen to execute ad-hoc projects and analysis, draw conclusions, and present recommendations with little guidance  ·  Provide performance reporting with detailed insights and suggested actions  ·  Partner with AMXL Supply Chain to analyze current and future opportunities  ·   Experience working with large-scale data mining and reporting tools (examples: SQL, Tableau, Essbase, Cognos) and other financial systems (examples: Oracle, SAP, Lawson, JD Edwards) MBA and/or Professional certifications (CPA/CMA/Qualified Accounting certificate)  Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."
329,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=bdcd95b14ba0720d&fccid=9a992a33fec815f4&vjs=3,
330,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=88ec7dd25eb9f801&fccid=47775662994251f9&vjs=3,"Overview:  EnLink Midstream is a leading provider of midstream energy services, providing transportation, gathering, processing, and storage of crude, natural gas, and natural gas liquids (NGLs). Strategic and forward-looking, EnLink cultivates a high level of employee values while we plan for future growth. We believe in helping one another. By serving one another, we make EnLink stronger and enable our businesses to grow in an environment of trust, cooperation and collaboration. EnLink promotes a diverse workplace, as well as opportunities for learning and career development. Join a company where employees are the strongest link! Responsibilities:  The Financial Analyst is a key member of the EnLink finance team who will support and collaborate with the Financial Planning & Analysis and Treasury groups. This individual will be responsible for a wide array of financial analysis, modeling, and presentations from both a forecasting and reporting perspective to both internal and external stakeholders. This individual will also play a key role supporting treasury with cash and credit management activities. Duties will include: Consolidate, analyze and model financial data including budget analysis and income statement forecasting Provide support in modeling and analyzing financial data regarding capital structure and allocation as well as acquisitions and growth projects Prepare analysis on financial and operational results Prepare monthly business update presentations Prepare analysis and materials for Board and investor presentations Assist with credit management activities and quarterly reporting Support cash management activities and working capital initiatives Support the preparation of compliance reports and covenant calculations Ad hoc tasks, analysis and projects Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in finance, accounting or related discipline REQUIRED 1-2 years’ experience in banking, corporate finance, or accounting REQUIRED Experience in the midstream or energy industry preferred Demonstrated aptitude and success in financial modeling and analysis Excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to work in fast - paced environment with ability to quickly turnaround ad-hoc requests Strong organizational skills and the ability to manage multiple priorities Strong communication skills and ability to work effectively across the organization Takes direction, demonstrates initiative, and follows up regularly Highly proficient in MS Office Apply today for this exciting position that is involved at a high level! EOE No agencies No sponsorship"
331,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=81f8beb0b5c81542&fccid=22ec6ef3cc441ac2&vjs=3,
332,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9bfbcc1d3f6ec402&fccid=b716e44d2c6283e7&vjs=3,"The Team: S&P Global Ratings is seeking a Ratings Analyst to join its Structured Finance practice, which provides credit ratings and opinions for securitizations backed by a wide variety of nontraditional assets. In this role, the Ratings Analyst is supporting senior analysts and is responsible for research, cash flow, credit, and structural analytics and will also have some client-facing activities in support of new issue ratings and surveillance of Nontraditional ABS transactions.  The Impact : This role blends research, quantitative, and qualitative skills, some client-facing interactions and project management. The Ratings Analyst will support senior analysts in completing the end-to-end ratings process, reviewing documents, assessing the credit profile of collateral pools, and conducting cash flow analyses to determine the credit rating impact of stress tests to the structures and enhancement levels under various economic scenarios. The Ratings Analyst will also participate actively in credit rating committees and support senior analysts in interacting with bankers, issuers and investors on analytical matters. Furthermore the Rating Analyst will play an important role in improving our analytical tools and streamlining our processes by drawing on computer and data science skills.  What’s in it for you: Structured finance is an important sector of the capital markets and is a key funding source and growth driver for many areas of the economy. If you are interested in helping to facilitate this growth while challenging yourself in a fast-paced environment, this is the right position for you. It offers the opportunity to work in a collegial culture with great potential for professional development and career growth. To succeed, you must be comfortable with quantitative analysis and have a knack for problem solving.  Responsibilities: o Supporting senior analysts in the end-to-end ratings process for new issue and surveillance transactions. o Understand and perform cash flow analysis, synthesize results, and present findings in a timely manner. o Analyze credit, cash flow, and performance characteristics of collateral pools. Review third-party model output and reconcile with cash flow results from internal models. o Review legal and operating documents to ensure consistency with criteria and identify issues with the transaction structure. Provide comments to senior analysts and external parties, as requested. o Actively manage relationships with senior analysts and internal and external clients, as requested. o Demonstrate strong knowledge of ratings criteria and cash flow analysis by helping senior analysts to resolve clients’ analytical questions. Provide research and data to senior analysts and actively help with outreach efforts, including timely commentaries, podcasts, and webinars.  What We’re Looking For:Basic Qualifications: o Undergraduate or Graduate degree. o Strong proficiency with Excel, Word, PowerPoint o Experience with cash flow modeling. o Understanding of financial markets. o Excellent verbal and written communications skills. o Excellent research skills. o Ability to analyze and solve non-routine problems with ingenuity in a timely and insightful manner. o Project management skills. Ability to manage multiple tasks and tight deadlines under time pressure. o Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work well in a collaborative team. o Diligent and intellectually curious self-starter with a strong work ethic and a drive to succeed.  Preferred Qualifications: o Knowledge of cash flow modeling and some programming languages (e.g. C++, MATLAB, Python, R or VBA) Strong Excel skills preferred o Prior experience with data analysis. Proven research, verbal, and written communication skills This role is limited to persons with indefinite right to work in the United States.  Compensation/Benefits Information : S&P Global states that the anticipated base salary range for this position is $46,200, to $129,200. Base salary ranges may vary by geographic location. This role is eligible to receive S&P Global benefits. For more information on the benefits we provide to our employees, visit https://www.spgbenefitessentials.com/newhires .  About Company Statement : S&P Global Ratings S&P Global Ratings is the world’s leading provider of independent credit ratings. Our ratings are essential to driving growth, providing transparency and helping educate market participants so they can make decisions with confidence. We have more than 1 million credit ratings outstanding on government, corporate, financial sector and structured finance entities and securities. We offer an independent view of the market built on a unique combination of broad perspective and local insight. We provide our opinions and research about relative credit risk; market participants gain independent information to help support the growth of transparent, liquid debt markets worldwide.  S&P Global Ratings is a division of S&P Global (NYSE: SPGI), which provides essential intelligence for individuals, companies and governments to make decisions with confidence. For more information, visit www.spglobal.com/ratings. S&P Global is an equal opportunity employer committed to making all employment decisions without regard to race/ethnicity, sex, pregnancy, gender identity or expression, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, marital status (including domestic partnerships and civil unions), sexual orientation, military veteran status, unemployment status, or any other basis prohibited by federal, state or local law. Only electronic job submissions will be considered for employment.  If you need an accommodation during the application process due to a disability, please send an email to: EEO.Compliance@spglobal.com and your request will be forwarded to the appropriate person.  The EEO is the Law Poster http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf describes discrimination protections under federal law.  20 - Professional (EEO-2 Job Categories-United States of America), RATNGS202.1 - Middle Professional Tier I (EEO Job Group)  Job ID: 262618 Posted On: 2021-06-14 Location: Centennial, Colorado, United States"
333,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1c0eeb06826803c7&fccid=951a6b775ccafa44&vjs=3,"We are located near Dallas, Texas and this is a Remote (work from home) position at this time.  Who is Glorious? Glorious is a lifestyle gaming hardware company that was built by passionate enthusiasts on a mission. We develop pro-grade, high-quality gear that gives every gamer the chance to play at an ascended level. Candidates from all over are welcome to apply and possibly become part of an amazing line-up of team members dedicated to pushing the boundaries of possibility and shifting the PC gaming industry's status quo! We offer attractive salary and benefits packages along with the chance to work within an environment where you will have the freedom and flexibility to take the reins on your career. So, if you're someone who wants to see real career growth while testing your skills in a fast-paced environment free of micromanagement, then this is the place for you! The Role: The Finance and Accounting organization at Glorious LLC is looking for a Financial Analyst to join our team. This is an exciting opportunity to be a key partner in a rapidly growing company. The position requires a detail-oriented and data-driven individual with an excellent work ethic and the ability to quickly learn and adapt to changes. As a Financial Analyst, you will have a direct impact on bottom-line growth for the company by building and maintaining forecasts and budgets across areas of the business. This position will lead in creating and driving core financial processes by serving as the financial analytics SME for the purpose of supporting senior management’s decisions. Primary Responsibilities: Some of the duties that will be expected of this position include, but are not limited to the following: Manage and own the global production and demand forecast across all products and sales channels in collaboration with the sales and operations team Develop and maintain a scalable and efficient process for the annual operating budget and forecast across all company departments that support the company’s annual operating and growth plans Perform detailed business analysis and provide summary insights including monthly/quarterly/annual financial reviews, actual versus forecast and budget variances, project ROI and cost-benefit analysis, and relevant business trend reporting Identify and analyze key financial and non-financial metrics that will contribute and assist with business decisions and financial growth Create accurate and timely financial reporting and data analytics from various systems to monitor and measure financial performance Recognize and clearly communicate actionable opportunities to boost financial performance and improve processes within the department and across the company Assist with ad-hoc analysis and reporting across the company Skills and Requirements: These must be met to be considered for this role: Bachelor’s Degree in Finance or Accounting required Minimum 4 years of Financial Planning and Analysis (FP&A) or related financial reporting experience preferred Strong understanding of accounting and financial statement analysis Excellent verbal and written communication skills Strong data-driven personality Demonstrated team player with the ability to work collaboratively Ability to work with and compile large volumes of data into readable/presentable format Ability to quickly learn and adapt to new tools and systems Advanced knowledge and experience working in Microsoft Excel and Google Sheets including pivot tables, vlookup, charts and graphs, financial modeling, and more SQL experience is a plus, but not required Experience managing multiple priorities in a fast-paced environment Self-motivated and able to work independently with minimal to no supervision Experience challenging the status-quo and “don’t be afraid of change” mindset Passion for PC gaming preferred Candidates should be prepared to complete and submit a skills test upon request. - Glorious LLC is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.  By completing this application candidates are hereby agreeing that they understand the following: (1) Neither the completion of an application nor any other part of the consideration for employment establishes any obligation for Glorious LLC to hire them. (2) No representative of Glorious LLC has the authority to make any assurance to the contrary. (3) The failure to reveal any prior employer, or give false or misleading information by candidates on any part of this Application for Employment can result in disqualification for employment consideration or, if hired, may be grounds for termination from the company or its' subsidiaries. HEq0AWjWGs"
334,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=7622647ec8b7c5a3&fccid=7a11eee3ff8b533d&vjs=3,"Job Summary This position is responsible for providing analysis and interpretation of Neiman Marcus Online company results. The individual would be required to gather information necessary for analysis, prepare reports and interact with executive management.  Job Responsibilities Coordinate with management to create financial forecasts and plans Prepare month end reports using excel based financial models Forecast, analyze and provide summary of organization’s trends in sales, margin and other business conditions Create specified ad hoc reports, graphs and charts of financial data Develop and update models to provide analysis for various financial conditions related to business operations Develop partnerships with business leads to understand the drivers of change and opportunities for improvement Recommend and implement ongoing improvements/enhancements to applications and processes Provide ongoing tracking, reporting and analysis of trends in various operating areas Expense analysis including components of SG&A and buying & occupancy  Qualifications Job Requirements Bachelor’s degree in Finance or Accounting or related field, MBA preferred Minimum of 2+ years Finance/relevant experience Must be proficient in Microsoft applications, including Excel and Powerpoint SQL knowledge preferred Comfortable when challenged with difficult, unstructured problems that must be solved quickly Strong financial modeling capabilities utilizing data from numerous sources to achieve desired results Requires planning / organizational skills and attention to detail Strong written and verbal communication skills  Primary Location: United States of America-Texas-DALLAS-Irving-Remote Dallas Work Locations: Remote Dallas Neiman Marcus 5950 Colwell Blvd Irving 75039 Job: Finance/Accounting Organization: Corporate Schedule: Full-time Shift: Day Employee Status: Regular Job Type: Standard Job Level: Individual Contributor Travel: No Job Posting: Mar 30, 2021, 5:10:10 PM"
335,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=66f098888d072d0a&fccid=5bd99dfa21c8a490&vjs=3,"Job Description: Responsible for moderately complex financial activities involving the implementation of strategic plans, profitability analysis, forecasting and financial reporting for a line of business or staff area. Works on activities and projects with others with the business unit. May lead small projects and coordinate resources. In some cases, will act as team leader. Functions may include process improvement, ability to work closely with technology to generate requirements, address process gaps and execute remediation Required Skills: 3+ years' experience with process automation, reconciliation design and financial analysis Experience with analysis using business intelligence tools including SAP Business Objects 4.3 - Full Report Design (E2E), SQL Server / Oracle including knowledge of running SQL and navigating SQL tables to triage issues, and advanced Excel including complex formulas, data organization, and analysis) Proven ability to translate high level business requirements into technical data requirements Dashboard and KPI creation Ability to analyze data to drive performance Manage, structure and consolidate large amounts of data with attention to detail and accuracy Ability to work in a fast-paced environment with high visibility Proven ability to manage competing needs and drive to quality despite changing priorities and tight deadlines Ability to gain a solid understanding of various operations and support functions and consult/influence leaders. History of influencing without authority in order to achieve risk, financial and operational goals Strong organizational skills Works well independently Bachelor's Degree or equivalent work experience Desired Skills: Strong written and verbal communications skills Influencing and relationship management Drives collaboration and teamwork Managing through ambiguity Job Band: H5 Shift: 1st shift (United States of America) Hours Per Week: 40 Weekly Schedule: M-F 8-5 Referral Bonus Amount: 0"
336,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=af0af6737aa88d9b&fccid=9941a606c3a12131&vjs=3,"Company Overview: Based in Dallas, Texas and private equity backed, Buff City Soap is one of the fastest growing specialty retail franchisors in the world. We work in a highly positive, fast-paced, and collaborative environment with a strong emphasis on cultural fit. The Accounting and Finance team is actively building the infrastructure to support rapid growth over the next few years. We're on a mission to create handmade products that are free of harsh ingredients and full of nourishing plant-based goodness. We take tremendous pride in handcrafting each and every bar of soap in our Soap Makery. Each one is truly unique. Our Makers are whipping up delightfully fragrant creations to share with you no matter how you choose to shop: online or in our Soap Makeries. Position Overview: We are searching for a financial analyst to join the Accounting & Finance Department within Buff City Soap. The financial analyst will report to the Director of Finance and will provide reporting and analytical support to cross functional business partners. The individual will have the opportunity for direct exposure to senior leadership and work on projects that have an impact on the business from their very first day. Responsibilities:Provide and manage monthly reporting package, to be reviewed with executive teamPerform and provide FP&A related work including expense management, variance analysis, and assisting with the yearly budgeting processPerform margin analysis to understand profitability metrics for various business unitsSupport strategic initiatives by completing ad-hoc analysis to be summarized and presented to cross functional leadersPartner and provide financial and operating metrics to Private Equity investment professionals Requirements:Bachelor’s degree in finance, accounting, or other business related discipline1+ year of of FP&A, Corporate Finance, Investment Banking, or Consulting experienceProblem solving skills and the desire to go beneath the surface to truly understand the task at handAdvanced knowledge of Microsoft OfficeBasic understanding of accounting principlesAttention to detail, organizational skills, and time managementComfortable when challenged with difficult, unstructured problems that must be solved quickly Preferred Experience:Financial Modeling and 3-Statement Financial AnalysisKnowledge of of Business Intelligence software (DOMO)Advanced understanding of GAAP accounting This is a great opportunity to join a rapidly growing company that has recently moved their HQ to Dallas. It will be a fast paced environment will provide the right individual with a broad range of FP&A experience as the team continues to grow. 7gWfulWMly"
337,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=595cc081813dc0e1&fccid=245cecf5f0560d8c&vjs=3,"Job Summary  This position is a data analyst which will review data for integrity, perform monthly and year end close activities as well as gather, create analysis related to research financial data which will be used during audits and annual national/ state surveys as well as compiling required state, federal and University reporting. This position will support Sponsored Programs Administration initiatives, research ad hoc reporting and the Research Financial Compliance team.  Experience and Education  Bachelor's degree in finance, accounting, or related field and two (2) years progressively responsible experience in finance and/or accounting with experience in planning, forecasting, and financial analysis.  Job Duties  Completes variety of monthly financial management reports and reviews all reports for errors and inconsistencies; analyzes variations in forecasts and actual performance; determines reasons for variance; develops recommendations for improvement; completes written summaries of financial data.  Prepares monthly financial reports, schedules for annual financial reports, and reports to various government agencies, ensuring conformance of such reports with applicable procedures and regulations of University of Texas System and Federal and State agencies concerned.  Identifies areas of poor performance, presents findings, and makes recommendations to upper management.  Prepares financial models and conducts financial analyses.  May maintain controls for policies and procedures for financial systems; develops and maintains delegation of authority on various procedures, such as check requests, refunds, invoice approvals, bad debt write-offs, etc.  Completes special projects as requested.  Performs other duties as assigned.  Security  This position is security-sensitive and subject to Texas Education Code 51.215, which authorizes UT Southwestern to obtain criminal history record information. UT Southwestern Medical Center is committed to an educational and working environment that provides equal opportunity to all members of the University community. In accordance with federal and state law, the University prohibits unlawful discrimination, including harassment, on the basis of: race; color; religion; national origin; sex; including sexual harassment; age; disability; genetic information; citizenship status; and protected veteran status. In addition, it is UT Southwestern policy to prohibit discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression."
338,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8228f8e3874addb2&fccid=9d4dbca3ed8b9cdf&vjs=3,
339,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=dbdc4d76f678da9f&fccid=7942658690eba67c&vjs=3,"Abbott is a global healthcare leader that helps people live more fully at all stages of life. Our portfolio of life-changing technologies spans the spectrum of healthcare, with leading businesses and products in diagnostics, medical devices, nutritionals, and branded generic medicines. Our 109,000 colleagues serve people in more than 160 countries. ABOUT ABBOTT DIAGNOSTICS: At Abbott, diverse ideas, perspectives, and expertise allow us to create the life-changing solutions that help people live healthier lives. In 160 countries and with businesses spanning nutrition, diagnostics, medical devices, and branded generic pharmaceuticals, Abbott offers you enormous opportunities to explore your interests and help you achieve your career and personal goals. We have an exciting opportunity within our Abbott Diagnostics business located at Irving, Texas for a Financial Analyst, Global Instrument Operations. The primary responsibility of this position includes, but is not limited to basic department budgeting, forecasting, and monthly reporting for both the Income Statement and Balance Sheet results. Activities include variance analysis to previous benchmarks, account reconciliations, headcount reporting and inventory verification activity. Primary Job Functions: Support monthly close of the books and IBP forecasting activities for the Irving Manufacturing Operations. Collection and reporting of Direct Manufacturing Overhead and Indirect spending budgets of approximately $85MM for over 650 personnel. Report and monitor business unit inventory, $200MM monthly inventory and assist with Inventory Verification activities as needed, cycle counts, audits, etc. Variance analysis comparing completed monthly job activity for reasonableness, summarizing monthly changes to product standard costs. Review account reconciliations prepared by the HUB Organization for reasonableness. This may include Inventory, accounts payable, construction in progress, and accrued liabilities. Demonstrate an ability to work mainly in Excel and Oracle, enabling the analysis of large amounts of data accurately. Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting or Finance, CPA is a plus 2-6 years’ work experience in finance and/or accounting; experience in a manufacturing environment desired Prior financial planning and/or cost accounting experience preferred. Good analytical and problem-solving abilities Can work with Excel, Power Point, and Oracle ERP applications Highly effective communication and influencing skills as position interfaces with various levels across the organization WHAT WE OFFER At Abbott, you can have a good job that can grow into a great career. We offer: Training and career development, with onboarding programs for new employees and tuition assistance Financial security through competitive compensation, incentives and retirement plans Health care and well-being programs including medical, dental, vision, wellness and occupational health programs Paid time off 401(k) retirement savings with a generous company match The stability of a company with a record of strong financial performance and history of being actively involved in local communities"
340,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=e34db097ff50e3c6&fccid=d30328706976dba9&vjs=3,
341,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=7d535b1946fbc7df&fccid=4144c0c6235e4037&vjs=3,"Prudential Private Capital (PPC) is the $100 billion asset manager of Prudential Financial, Inc. managing private debt and structured equity assets and one of eight investment units of PGIM. Our expertise, analysis, and experience drive everything we do. We strategically target select global markets to offer unique deal flow to investors and prospective issuers. Our team is comprised of bright, focused professionals who collaborate at all levels to manage originations and a private debt portfolio across investment grade, high yield and mezzanine investments. We invest in the potential of our employees by offering them large-scope, small-team emphasis on collaboration, and commitment to a healthy balance between a professional and personal life. We challenge you as an individual so you can make real contributions while you grow your capabilities. We are one of the premier institutional investors in the energy sector, with a portfolio in excess of $8 billion of energy assets and companies across the energy value chain in North America and internationally. Investment activities span upstream oil and gas production, energy infrastructure involving transportation, storage and delivery as well as downstream refining and regulated distribution activities. . We invest across the capital structure, including senior debt, project financing, mezzanine debt and structured equity. We actively support the pursuit of the CFA designation by employees and many of our analysts move on to attend top business schools and have received a variety of career opportunities across the field of finance at the close of the three-year Investment Analyst program. As an Energy Investment Analyst, you would work on a dedicated deal team responsible for marketing, structuring, investing and portfolio management., Each team member makes an integral contribution to PPC’s results, while gaining exposure to the broader energy industry involving a range of investments in both public and privately-held companies. You will be exposed to and learn a range of investment skills across the capital structure including underwriting senior debt, subordinated debt and structured equity. You will have direct interaction with senior management and be an important part of our team. We offer a positive work-life balance, while still providing our analysts with valuable learning and growth opportunities. Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree or enrolled in an accredited bachelor’s program graduating in Spring 2021; coursework in finance, accounting, economics, or a related field is preferred Strong analytical, writing, interpersonal and communication skills Familiarity with the capital markets (knowledge of debt and equity security terms and valuation methodologies) is a plus Minimum 3.0 GPA Prudential does not provide visa sponsorship for this position. Successful candidates must possess the requisite US employment authorization to be eligible for consideration. PGIM is the diversified asset management business of Prudential Financial, Inc. (NYSE: PRU). With $1.4 trillion in assets under management, and 38 offices spanning 16 countries, PGIM is among the world’s top-10 largest asset managers. Comprised of seven self-governing asset management divisions, each PGIM business offers a distinct workplace culture that aligns with the firm’s ultimate objective: to provide premier service to our clients while fostering an inclusive workplace culture that is rooted in trust, respect and equality. Prudential Financial, Inc. of the United States is not affiliated with Prudential plc. which is headquartered in the United Kingdom. Prudential is a multinational financial services leader with operations in the United States, Asia, Europe, and Latin America. Leveraging its heritage of life insurance and asset management expertise, Prudential is focused on helping individual and institutional customers grow and protect their wealth. The company's well-known Rock symbol is an icon of strength, stability, expertise and innovation that has stood the test of time. Prudential's businesses offer a variety of products and services, including life insurance, annuities, retirement-related services, mutual funds, asset management, and real estate services. We recognize that our strength and success are directly linked to the quality and skills of our diverse associates. We are proud to be a place where talented people who want to make a difference can grow as professionals, leaders, and as individuals. Visit www.prudential.com to learn more about our values, our history and our brand. Prudential is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, genetics, disability, marital status, age, veteran status, domestic partner status , medical condition or any other characteristic protected by law. The Prudential Insurance Company of America, Newark, NJ and its affiliates. Note that this posting is intended for individual applicants. Search firms or agencies should email Staffing at staffingagencies@prudential.com for more information about doing business with Prudential. PEOPLE WITH DISABILITIES:  If you need an accommodation to complete the application process, which may include an assessment, please call (800) 433-8960, prompt 4 or email accommodation.h&w@prudential.com. Please note that the above number and email are solely for individuals with disabilities requesting an accommodation. If you are experiencing a technical issue with your application or an assessment, please email careers@prudential.com to request assistance."
342,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5cde8eaec4df06e2&fccid=f0baea9261382c23&vjs=3,"Denbury is currently searching for a Project Management / Carbon Capture, Use and Storage (“CCUS”) department Financial Analyst in our Plano, Texas corporate office. This position will report to the Manager of Financial Planning. Key Responsibilities: Track and reconcile capital spending on significant capital projects over which the Project Management department has funding authority; analyze project milestones and capital spending to identify and communicate variances and economic results Liaise with accounting and finance functions to estimate monthly and quarterly accruals and to prepare internal and external reporting and presentations Coordinate and communicate forecast and budget updates with regional business unit analysts for reporting to senior management Prepare and track forecasted Carbon Capture, Use and Storage (“CCUS”) department capital spend and operating results Coordinate and compile annual CCUS budget Prepare departmental financial reports and ad-hoc analysis for department management/personnel on recurring and as-needed basis Act as the primary financial resource for department personnel, providing helpful financial reporting to drive business acumen, answering financial/accounting questions and preparing analyses in support of projects Additional Requirements:Strong work ethic and initiativeExcellent verbal and written communication skillsWork both independently and harmoniously within a groupPrioritize workload and re-prioritize when necessaryDetail oriented, highly organized and self-motivatedTake direction, implement changes and follow up as neededManage multiple tasks simultaneously while adhering to deadlinesHighly proficient in Microsoft Office (Excel) and a knowledge of SAP and BW reporting Bachelor Degree or equivalent combination of experience and education; normally requires a minimum of 6+ years of experience in a publicly listed company, preferably upstream oil and gas industry, in financial planning, operational reporting, accounting, marketing, corporate development, or corporate communication positions demonstrating progressively responsible experience Location Type: Corporate (Plano) Location: Plano, TX, 75024 Employment Status: Full time FLSA Status: Exempt COMPANY OVERVIEW: Welcome to Denbury. A different kind of Oil Company. Denbury Inc. is an independent oil and natural gas company with 230.2 MMBOE of estimated proved oil and natural gas reserves as of December 31, 2019, of which 98% is oil. Our operations are focused in two key operating areas: The Gulf Coast and Rocky Mountain regions. Our goal is to increase the value of our properties through a combination of exploitation, drilling and proven engineering extraction practices, with the most significant emphasis relating to carbon dioxide enhanced oil recovery operations. Our employees are our most valued resource. We recognize that it is their ideas, passion and collective effort that produce winning results. Denbury attracts outstanding Talent, provides them with advanced technology and is committed to their future development. We offer challenging work to increase skills and experience. To become part of our organization, you must be able to pass a pre-employment drug screen and background check. Denbury adheres to a Drug and Alcohol-Free Workplace and as such all employees are subject to post-accident and random drug and alcohol screenings. Some positions require successful completion of pre-employment physical examinations and/or the wearing and use of personal protective equipment (respirators, FR clothing, protective eye wear, hearing protection, head protection, protective footwear, etc). Our Company is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. Requisition #5907"
343,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=4d37bdc570794cd6&fccid=0c6a206362227e72&vjs=3,"Job ID: T1272020 FINANCE US-TX-DALLAS 1111 W. MOCKINGBIRD LN STE 1500 DALLAS, TX 75247 Job description Tricolor Holdings is an integrated retail and financial services company providing vehicle sales and financing to the Hispanic community in Texas, California, and Nevada. The Company is focused on providing the best customer experience across our retail and financing operations through mission-driven fulfillment of our desire to improve the lives of an underserved population. We are looking for a Financial Analyst who is able to develop, prepare, and analyze data for financial management, financial reporting, and treasury. Key Areas of Responsibility Develops, analyzes, and prepares periodic financial statements for timely distribution to management. Monitors performance indicators, highlighting trends and analyzing causes of unexpected variances. Develops and implements dashboard reports using Business Intelligence Tool. Develops tools and reports for expense management – including assisting each department head on expense analysis. Assists with daily cash management and treasury functions. Assists with budget preparation, financial forecasting, and modelling. Prepares periodic presentations for management. Assists with related special projects as required. Performs other duties as assigned by manager.  Qualifications Bachelor’s degree (B.A./B.S.) in accounting or finance or equivalent. 1-3 years of experience working in a Corporate Finance, FP&A, or financial operations Proficient in Oracle PBCS, SQL and Microsoft Office, including but not limited to Excel, Word and Powerpoint. Ability to prepare reports and business correspondence. Commitment to excellence and high standards. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to understand and follow written and verbal instructions Strong organizational, problem-solving, and analytical skills; able to manage priorities and workflow. Ability to work independently and as a member of various teams and committees. Versatility, flexibility, and a willingness to work within constantly changing priorities with enthusiasm.  Terms of Employment: Regular, Full Time Physical Requirements Continually required to stand, walk and sit Continually required to utilize hand and finger dexterity Continually utilize visual acuity to operate equipment, read technical information, and/or use a keyboard  Apply now!"
344,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=dbdc4d76f678da9f&fccid=7942658690eba67c&vjs=3,"Abbott is a global healthcare leader that helps people live more fully at all stages of life. Our portfolio of life-changing technologies spans the spectrum of healthcare, with leading businesses and products in diagnostics, medical devices, nutritionals, and branded generic medicines. Our 109,000 colleagues serve people in more than 160 countries. ABOUT ABBOTT DIAGNOSTICS: At Abbott, diverse ideas, perspectives, and expertise allow us to create the life-changing solutions that help people live healthier lives. In 160 countries and with businesses spanning nutrition, diagnostics, medical devices, and branded generic pharmaceuticals, Abbott offers you enormous opportunities to explore your interests and help you achieve your career and personal goals. We have an exciting opportunity within our Abbott Diagnostics business located at Irving, Texas for a Financial Analyst, Global Instrument Operations. The primary responsibility of this position includes, but is not limited to basic department budgeting, forecasting, and monthly reporting for both the Income Statement and Balance Sheet results. Activities include variance analysis to previous benchmarks, account reconciliations, headcount reporting and inventory verification activity. Primary Job Functions: Support monthly close of the books and IBP forecasting activities for the Irving Manufacturing Operations. Collection and reporting of Direct Manufacturing Overhead and Indirect spending budgets of approximately $85MM for over 650 personnel. Report and monitor business unit inventory, $200MM monthly inventory and assist with Inventory Verification activities as needed, cycle counts, audits, etc. Variance analysis comparing completed monthly job activity for reasonableness, summarizing monthly changes to product standard costs. Review account reconciliations prepared by the HUB Organization for reasonableness. This may include Inventory, accounts payable, construction in progress, and accrued liabilities. Demonstrate an ability to work mainly in Excel and Oracle, enabling the analysis of large amounts of data accurately. Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting or Finance, CPA is a plus 2-6 years’ work experience in finance and/or accounting; experience in a manufacturing environment desired Prior financial planning and/or cost accounting experience preferred. Good analytical and problem-solving abilities Can work with Excel, Power Point, and Oracle ERP applications Highly effective communication and influencing skills as position interfaces with various levels across the organization WHAT WE OFFER At Abbott, you can have a good job that can grow into a great career. We offer: Training and career development, with onboarding programs for new employees and tuition assistance Financial security through competitive compensation, incentives and retirement plans Health care and well-being programs including medical, dental, vision, wellness and occupational health programs Paid time off 401(k) retirement savings with a generous company match The stability of a company with a record of strong financial performance and history of being actively involved in local communities"
345,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8228f8e3874addb2&fccid=9d4dbca3ed8b9cdf&vjs=3,
346,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=e34db097ff50e3c6&fccid=d30328706976dba9&vjs=3,
347,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5cde8eaec4df06e2&fccid=f0baea9261382c23&vjs=3,"Denbury is currently searching for a Project Management / Carbon Capture, Use and Storage (“CCUS”) department Financial Analyst in our Plano, Texas corporate office. This position will report to the Manager of Financial Planning. Key Responsibilities: Track and reconcile capital spending on significant capital projects over which the Project Management department has funding authority; analyze project milestones and capital spending to identify and communicate variances and economic results Liaise with accounting and finance functions to estimate monthly and quarterly accruals and to prepare internal and external reporting and presentations Coordinate and communicate forecast and budget updates with regional business unit analysts for reporting to senior management Prepare and track forecasted Carbon Capture, Use and Storage (“CCUS”) department capital spend and operating results Coordinate and compile annual CCUS budget Prepare departmental financial reports and ad-hoc analysis for department management/personnel on recurring and as-needed basis Act as the primary financial resource for department personnel, providing helpful financial reporting to drive business acumen, answering financial/accounting questions and preparing analyses in support of projects Additional Requirements:Strong work ethic and initiativeExcellent verbal and written communication skillsWork both independently and harmoniously within a groupPrioritize workload and re-prioritize when necessaryDetail oriented, highly organized and self-motivatedTake direction, implement changes and follow up as neededManage multiple tasks simultaneously while adhering to deadlinesHighly proficient in Microsoft Office (Excel) and a knowledge of SAP and BW reporting Bachelor Degree or equivalent combination of experience and education; normally requires a minimum of 6+ years of experience in a publicly listed company, preferably upstream oil and gas industry, in financial planning, operational reporting, accounting, marketing, corporate development, or corporate communication positions demonstrating progressively responsible experience Location Type: Corporate (Plano) Location: Plano, TX, 75024 Employment Status: Full time FLSA Status: Exempt COMPANY OVERVIEW: Welcome to Denbury. A different kind of Oil Company. Denbury Inc. is an independent oil and natural gas company with 230.2 MMBOE of estimated proved oil and natural gas reserves as of December 31, 2019, of which 98% is oil. Our operations are focused in two key operating areas: The Gulf Coast and Rocky Mountain regions. Our goal is to increase the value of our properties through a combination of exploitation, drilling and proven engineering extraction practices, with the most significant emphasis relating to carbon dioxide enhanced oil recovery operations. Our employees are our most valued resource. We recognize that it is their ideas, passion and collective effort that produce winning results. Denbury attracts outstanding Talent, provides them with advanced technology and is committed to their future development. We offer challenging work to increase skills and experience. To become part of our organization, you must be able to pass a pre-employment drug screen and background check. Denbury adheres to a Drug and Alcohol-Free Workplace and as such all employees are subject to post-accident and random drug and alcohol screenings. Some positions require successful completion of pre-employment physical examinations and/or the wearing and use of personal protective equipment (respirators, FR clothing, protective eye wear, hearing protection, head protection, protective footwear, etc). Our Company is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. Requisition #5907"
348,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CpzDdaQkua3np5pkmj49lKioZwmwxQ-yx5plwbYmV_M0o-5aY5p-58tl_3s4eOMJ7RTsK7iAjgWIlWFWlvoCXL_rt9oQbMx85jQCGK9aSKxYDAeFAVwjkZopWI26q_68f-napcxMAyr_QOFzVZ6Vmqm5PgZc-P5UJwrtkd1kk7f5DlZaM-k-7GvvEQxhRnY-6EvAT3X1b7PUZHLmzejJ7QoUp-afBXNnW3TERicvLGJFSrPGlDjEp8TxzKdcYzZqZXkv68Y8VEiHaXO1BGH2s2V1cOqFEAxzeHVK7FybdvnGr6b52pY6nkQmHMlQkwg--b8dFgh9I7tva-Icp4fk32rBgH96SMgRIDC24EFmBuxCt0ZcMmsVOeYHqReqkYQzeI1dtqdRKE8qtINIXb7wfzi2NgSOGzzVbllh5pL8jK5vlf_YOydbqYjROVibOpyXaOIx_Pe0oWRpUA9eyDLyGSODdQlEWz2rEay7g6_tx0WUQl81ouakQEtyeM-9cINzbjp1cHZh1JG9X_NfYi5nSfiPqD-tPu61MoJwAeEBXy5A==&p=8&fvj=0&vjs=3,"Robert Half Finance is looking for an exceptional Financial Analyst to be part of a fast-growing company. In this Financial Analyst role, you will conduct financial modeling on a range of financial products and measure, analyze, and forecast performance in conjunction with operating plans. You will also be responsible for advising management on the distribution of resources to best complete objectives and preparing reports for management. In this role, you will serve as a key business partner in areas such as forecasting, performance reporting, and expense management. The Financial Analyst role will consist of supporting world class strategic and financial planning methods, building long-range operating plans to support business imperatives and developing rolling forecast processes to ensure resources every quarter are consumed at maximum effectiveness. Along with your main responsibilities, you will assist with operationalizing and cultivating a more data-driven planning process and improved monthly and quarterly reporting. In this role, you will be directly involved in the coordination of various planning cycles (annual planning, quarterly forecasts and monthly outlooks), while providing strategic analyses and recommendations. You will provide variance analysis of bookings, revenues and expenses, clearly explaining the business reasons for variances and adjusting the outlook models to reflect operational adjustments. This Financial Analyst role, which is a full-time employment opportunity, is located in the Dallas Texas.  What you get to do every day   Survey performance to date and assess potential opportunities and risks Ensure plans are properly executed by working with cross-functional partners in Accounting and Operations Work closely with Accounting on the monthly and quarterly financial close processes Endorse weekly, quarterly and annual Area/Segment-level Bookings as well as P& L forecasting This position requires a flexible individual who is adept at managing expectations and comfortable with handling large amounts of information Ensure business partners handle their resources by tracking monthly and quarterly performance through the comparison of actuals versus expectations Possess the know-how and be able to explain internal and external drivers impacting performance and trending Collaborate with senior executives on strategic deep dives on creating financial models and insights on topics such as: Retention forecasts, event tracking and execution, Campaign Planning & Tracking, return on investment of strategic investments, and strategic resource allocation, and prioritization Provide valuable foresight and decision support through effective Business Intelligence (BI) Produce and manage forecasting reports Drive monthly reporting to business partners on financial results and if any actions are required Experience in problem solving through statistical analysis or with large data sets highly preferable (such as in derivatives, structured finance, or business analytics or in a similarly demanding and analytical role) Background in problem solving through statistical analysis or with large data sets highly valued (such as in derivatives, structured finance, or business analytics or in a similarly demanding and analytical role) Familiarity with Business Intelligence (BI) reporting tools required Ability to communicate verbally and in writing effectively throughout all levels of the company Critical thinking, problem solving, ability to work independently BA/BS degree in finance or a related field Solid understanding of month end closings Financial planning & analysis (go-to-market experience a plus) Demonstrated ability to build and deliver effective presentations to audiences with wide-ranging backgrounds Prior experience in Spreadsheet and ERP system  Robert Half is the world’s first and largest specialized talent solutions firm that connects highly qualified job seekers to opportunities at great companies. We offer contract, temporary and permanent placement solutions for finance and accounting, technology, marketing and creative, legal, and administrative and customer support roles.  Robert Half puts you in the best position to succeed by advocating on your behalf and promoting you to employers. We provide access to top jobs, competitive compensation and benefits, and free online training. Stay on top of every opportunity – even on the go. Download the Robert Half app and get 1-tap apply, instant notifications for AI-matched jobs, and more.  Questions? Call your local office at 1.888.490.5461. All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Benefits are available to contract/temporary professionals. Visit https://roberthalf.gobenefits.net/ for more information.  © 2021 Robert Half. An Equal Opportunity Employer. M/F/Disability/Veterans. By clicking “Apply Now,” you’re agreeing to Robert Half’s Terms of Use ( www.roberthalf.com/terms-of-use )."
349,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=f9df2a70aac862df&fccid=9f3a9e3753ee0b45&vjs=3,"The Financial Advisor II serves as a key financial resource to the Finance Team. This person provides financial analysis required to support the goals and objectives of Baylor Scott & White Health. The Financial Advisor II provides financial analysis support to administrators, department directors and other team members to assist in the efficient and cost effective operations of BSWH. In addition, the Financial Advisor II has the following responsibilities: Prepares the operating and capital budget (s) for assigned areas, the 5-year financial operating forecast to include statistics, payer mix, payments, capital, etc  Provides ongoing budget vs. actual revenue and expense variance analysis.  Develops and produced Management Reports.  Serves as liaison between the assigned area and Decision Support Services and other finance areas of BSWH.  The ideal candidate will have excellent written and verbal communication skills, and have a passion for accuracy and process improvement. Location/Facility- Baylor Medical Center-Heart Hospital Dallas For more information on the facility, please click our Locations link. Specialty/Department/Practice - Finance Shift/Schedule- Monday-Friday Days Full Time Benefits Our competitive benefits package includes*: Immediate eligibility for health and welfare benefits 401(k) savings plan with dollar-for-dollar match up to 5% Tuition Reimbursement  PTO accrual beginning Day 1 Note: Benefits may vary based upon position type and/or level.  QUALIFICATIONS  - EDUCATION - Bachelor's  - EXPERIENCE - A minimum of 3 years experience required  Experience within Healthcare Finance highly preferred"
350,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=f787f71e6349cdf8&fccid=6781744e41089d9b&vjs=3,"Do you want to provide analytical support to help management identify and understand the potential financial impact from various business issues, opportunities, and decisions? We’re looking for a Financial Analyst who wants to work in a fast-paced environment, who enjoys both a buzz and a challenge.  Financial Analyst - remote Fulltime, homebased in US or Canada  We’re BCD Travel, one of the world’s leading corporate travel management companies with offices around the globe. We help our clients travel smart and achieve more. People join our company because we provide a dynamic work environment, where no two days are the same. And our people stay with us because we care about their work-life balance. But don’t just take our word for it: we've been voted top place to work and recognized by Investors In People, Flexjobs and Forbes.  A snapshot of this opportunity  Support the annual budget process and monthly forecast process for global overhead departments Support internal customers and overhead departments by identifying areas to increase EBITDA Maximize revenue through accurate pricing analysis and revenue calculations Build a bottoms up annual budget with input from internal business leaders Provide monthly analysis of actuals vs. budget Build monthly forecasts based on budget and input from business leaders Prepare global financial reporting and analysis  How you can set yourself apart  Bachelor’s degree in accounting / finance or related field Minimum of two years of experience in general accounting and/or financial analyst Excellent Excel skills Travel industry experience (preferred) Proficiency in PeopleSoft, Oracle EPBCS, SAP BPC (preferred)  What we offer you  At BCD Travel, we work with highly motivated and passionate people. We value open communication, collaboration, and a flexible work-life balance. We offer unique, often global, experiences that empower you to develop and grow within the organization. Sustainability and helping others is also high on our list. We make a difference through charitable activities in our communities across the globe.  About us BCD Travel helps companies make the most of what they spend on travel. We give travelers innovative tools that keep them safe and productive and help them make good choices on the road. We partner with travel and procurement leaders to simplify the complexities of business travel, drive savings and satisfaction, and move whole companies toward their goals. In short, we help our clients travel smart and achieve more. We make this happen in 109 countries with a global client retention rate of 98%, the highest in the industry. For more information, visit www.bcdtravel.com.  Interested? Create your profile and upload your resume/cover letter via our website. Feel free to reach out to us with any questions via Americas.recruiting@bcdtravel.com. Note: send your application via the website only.  Stay informed about new career opportunities at BCD Travel Use the 'notify me' button in our careers center to be one of the first to hear about interesting opportunities in the future. On the left-hand side of the screen, you can select filters to see updates on all vacancies that match your interest. Note: We’ll give preference to internal and/or furloughed employees  #LI-remote  #LI-SM1 CAJM"
351,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=632add3a082be15d&fccid=47425949caeadfbf&vjs=3,"A minimum of 1 year of corporate accounting or finance experience including financial statement analysis. Effective communication, strong work ethic, attention to detail and ability to follow through and to see big picture process improvement is critical. Detail oriented, highly organized, and computer literate with proficiency in MS Office and Outlook, with extensive experience utilizing Excel in the preparation and development of spread sheets to support all accounting functions. Experience with Kauffman Hall Axiom software highly desirable Must have excellent Microsoft Excel skills Familiarity with U.S. GAAP. A bachelor’s degree in Accounting or Finance. Experience in the Health Care industry desirable."
352,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=42863ca724033772&fccid=3de2a9fba9c2f329&vjs=3,"Essential Functions: Analysis of potential investment opportunities utilizing Argus and Excel, including the underwriting of acquisitions, dispositions, development, and financial structuring as well as the evaluation of major leasing and capital decisions. Completion of recurring projects to guide asset performance such as: annual asset plans and portfolio valuations as well as assisting with the annual budget review, semi-annual property check-up meetings, establishing semi-annual leasing benchmarks, the semi-annual disposition review, and quarterly reporting. Prepare materials for investment committee and provide support in presenting opportunities in committee. Perform aspects and elements of due diligence for acquisitions and dispositions, which would include lease abstracting, prorations, file review, expense confirmations, etc. Ensure Granite’s internal market pipeline is kept up to date with current deals on the market, sales comps, and financial structuring opportunities. Perform economic and market research to gather pertinent data such as economic forecasts and interest, employment, and occupancy rates Special projects to support business objectives Other duties as assigned Qualifications/Requirements: An undergraduate degree in a related field with 1-2 years prior related experience preferred. Strong Excel and Argus skills required. Strong written and verbal communication skills required. Ability to work flexible hours to meet deadlines."
353,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=09376156ba34b53c&fccid=d45e4ce2f2c34b87&vjs=3,"Essential Functions:  Analysis of potential investment opportunities utilizing Argus and Excel, including the underwriting of acquisitions, dispositions, development, and financial structuring as well as the evaluation of major leasing and capital decisions. Completion of recurring projects to guide asset performance such as: annual asset plans and portfolio valuations as well as assisting with the annual budget review, semi-annual property check-up meetings, establishing semi-annual leasing benchmarks, the semi-annual disposition review, and quarterly reporting. Prepare materials for investment committee and provide support in presenting opportunities in committee. Perform aspects and elements of due diligence for acquisitions and dispositions, which would include lease abstracting, prorations, file review, expense confirmations, etc. Ensure Granite’s internal market pipeline is kept up to date with current deals on the market, sales comps, and financial structuring opportunities. Perform economic and market research to gather pertinent data such as economic forecasts and interest, employment, and occupancy rates Special projects to support business objectives Other duties as assigned   Qualifications/Requirements:  An undergraduate degree in a related field with 1-2 years prior related experience preferred. Strong Excel and Argus skills required. Strong written and verbal communication skills required. Ability to work flexible hours to meet deadlines."
354,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=bdcd95b14ba0720d&fccid=9a992a33fec815f4&vjs=3,
355,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=66f098888d072d0a&fccid=5bd99dfa21c8a490&vjs=3,"Job Description: Responsible for moderately complex financial activities involving the implementation of strategic plans, profitability analysis, forecasting and financial reporting for a line of business or staff area. Works on activities and projects with others with the business unit. May lead small projects and coordinate resources. In some cases, will act as team leader. Functions may include process improvement, ability to work closely with technology to generate requirements, address process gaps and execute remediation Required Skills: 3+ years' experience with process automation, reconciliation design and financial analysis Experience with analysis using business intelligence tools including SAP Business Objects 4.3 - Full Report Design (E2E), SQL Server / Oracle including knowledge of running SQL and navigating SQL tables to triage issues, and advanced Excel including complex formulas, data organization, and analysis) Proven ability to translate high level business requirements into technical data requirements Dashboard and KPI creation Ability to analyze data to drive performance Manage, structure and consolidate large amounts of data with attention to detail and accuracy Ability to work in a fast-paced environment with high visibility Proven ability to manage competing needs and drive to quality despite changing priorities and tight deadlines Ability to gain a solid understanding of various operations and support functions and consult/influence leaders. History of influencing without authority in order to achieve risk, financial and operational goals Strong organizational skills Works well independently Bachelor's Degree or equivalent work experience Desired Skills: Strong written and verbal communications skills Influencing and relationship management Drives collaboration and teamwork Managing through ambiguity Job Band: H5 Shift: 1st shift (United States of America) Hours Per Week: 40 Weekly Schedule: M-F 8-5 Referral Bonus Amount: 0"
356,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=4d37bdc570794cd6&fccid=0c6a206362227e72&vjs=3,"Job ID: T1272020 FINANCE US-TX-DALLAS 1111 W. MOCKINGBIRD LN STE 1500 DALLAS, TX 75247 Job description Tricolor Holdings is an integrated retail and financial services company providing vehicle sales and financing to the Hispanic community in Texas, California, and Nevada. The Company is focused on providing the best customer experience across our retail and financing operations through mission-driven fulfillment of our desire to improve the lives of an underserved population. We are looking for a Financial Analyst who is able to develop, prepare, and analyze data for financial management, financial reporting, and treasury. Key Areas of Responsibility Develops, analyzes, and prepares periodic financial statements for timely distribution to management. Monitors performance indicators, highlighting trends and analyzing causes of unexpected variances. Develops and implements dashboard reports using Business Intelligence Tool. Develops tools and reports for expense management – including assisting each department head on expense analysis. Assists with daily cash management and treasury functions. Assists with budget preparation, financial forecasting, and modelling. Prepares periodic presentations for management. Assists with related special projects as required. Performs other duties as assigned by manager.  Qualifications Bachelor’s degree (B.A./B.S.) in accounting or finance or equivalent. 1-3 years of experience working in a Corporate Finance, FP&A, or financial operations Proficient in Oracle PBCS, SQL and Microsoft Office, including but not limited to Excel, Word and Powerpoint. Ability to prepare reports and business correspondence. Commitment to excellence and high standards. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to understand and follow written and verbal instructions Strong organizational, problem-solving, and analytical skills; able to manage priorities and workflow. Ability to work independently and as a member of various teams and committees. Versatility, flexibility, and a willingness to work within constantly changing priorities with enthusiasm.  Terms of Employment: Regular, Full Time Physical Requirements Continually required to stand, walk and sit Continually required to utilize hand and finger dexterity Continually utilize visual acuity to operate equipment, read technical information, and/or use a keyboard  Apply now!"
357,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5cde8eaec4df06e2&fccid=f0baea9261382c23&vjs=3,"Denbury is currently searching for a Project Management / Carbon Capture, Use and Storage (“CCUS”) department Financial Analyst in our Plano, Texas corporate office. This position will report to the Manager of Financial Planning. Key Responsibilities: Track and reconcile capital spending on significant capital projects over which the Project Management department has funding authority; analyze project milestones and capital spending to identify and communicate variances and economic results Liaise with accounting and finance functions to estimate monthly and quarterly accruals and to prepare internal and external reporting and presentations Coordinate and communicate forecast and budget updates with regional business unit analysts for reporting to senior management Prepare and track forecasted Carbon Capture, Use and Storage (“CCUS”) department capital spend and operating results Coordinate and compile annual CCUS budget Prepare departmental financial reports and ad-hoc analysis for department management/personnel on recurring and as-needed basis Act as the primary financial resource for department personnel, providing helpful financial reporting to drive business acumen, answering financial/accounting questions and preparing analyses in support of projects Additional Requirements:Strong work ethic and initiativeExcellent verbal and written communication skillsWork both independently and harmoniously within a groupPrioritize workload and re-prioritize when necessaryDetail oriented, highly organized and self-motivatedTake direction, implement changes and follow up as neededManage multiple tasks simultaneously while adhering to deadlinesHighly proficient in Microsoft Office (Excel) and a knowledge of SAP and BW reporting Bachelor Degree or equivalent combination of experience and education; normally requires a minimum of 6+ years of experience in a publicly listed company, preferably upstream oil and gas industry, in financial planning, operational reporting, accounting, marketing, corporate development, or corporate communication positions demonstrating progressively responsible experience Location Type: Corporate (Plano) Location: Plano, TX, 75024 Employment Status: Full time FLSA Status: Exempt COMPANY OVERVIEW: Welcome to Denbury. A different kind of Oil Company. Denbury Inc. is an independent oil and natural gas company with 230.2 MMBOE of estimated proved oil and natural gas reserves as of December 31, 2019, of which 98% is oil. Our operations are focused in two key operating areas: The Gulf Coast and Rocky Mountain regions. Our goal is to increase the value of our properties through a combination of exploitation, drilling and proven engineering extraction practices, with the most significant emphasis relating to carbon dioxide enhanced oil recovery operations. Our employees are our most valued resource. We recognize that it is their ideas, passion and collective effort that produce winning results. Denbury attracts outstanding Talent, provides them with advanced technology and is committed to their future development. We offer challenging work to increase skills and experience. To become part of our organization, you must be able to pass a pre-employment drug screen and background check. Denbury adheres to a Drug and Alcohol-Free Workplace and as such all employees are subject to post-accident and random drug and alcohol screenings. Some positions require successful completion of pre-employment physical examinations and/or the wearing and use of personal protective equipment (respirators, FR clothing, protective eye wear, hearing protection, head protection, protective footwear, etc). Our Company is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. Requisition #5907"
358,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=520c3c43cc4b8147&fccid=3ba5a058188ad02f&vjs=3,"This position will play a critical role within the Corporate Finance team by providing reporting and analytical support leading the monthly / quarterly planning and reporting cycles acting as a Finance Business Partner to G&A Leaders including Finance, Legal and IT. The Corporate Finance department is a highly collaborative group that encourages team members to take on new responsibilities and promotes continuous learning. Responsibilities: Perform and provide FP&A related work including budgeting, forecasting, modeling, and more for G&A leadership Provide and manage monthly financial reporting Provide support on ad-hoc projects and strategic analyses Understand key efficiency & productivity metrics that drive the business Design and run efficient processes, build consensus across finance teams as well as other cross functional teams Background: Bachelor’s degree in Accounting or Finance 3+ years of FP&A Advance systems and ERP experience Strong business partnership and executive communication skills #LI-DW1 Infinera is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, status as a protected veteran, or status as a qualified individual with disability. EEO Employer/Vet/Disabled."
359,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=2b1e18e0e6fd3930&fccid=f20c3e0511715b30&vjs=3,"Overview:  Who we are: Would you like to work for a stable, secure, and fast-growing airline where you will be stimulated, challenged, and have the opportunity to develop your career? If so, read on! Come and work with the best of the best at Envoy Air where you will join a team committed to providing outstanding service. We offer: Amazing employee flight privileges within the American Airlines global network Training and development programs to take your career to the next level Comprehensive health and life benefits (subject to location) Responsibilities:  How will you make an impact? Responsibilities Financial Analysts have the opportunity to rotate within the Finance organization supporting various departments that include Flight Service, Maintenance & Engineering, Customer Services, and Planning Performs various ad-hoc analyses, including but not limited to cost/benefit analysis, long term forecasting, cost trending and root cause analysis, capital requests, variance analysis, manpower analysis, cost reduction, profitability analysis, analysis of financial statements, and other strategic planning initiatives Responsible for updating and maintaining existing bench marking analysis Analyze monthly financial results and develop annual operating budgets Work with the senior management by facilitating communication, providing visibility to key risks and issues, and developing creative solutions Assist in other ad-hoc projects pertaining to performance, the overall AAG business plan, and other related areas Qualifications:  Who are we looking for? Requirements Minimum Age: 18 Undergraduate or graduate degree in Finance or other related field of study 3.25 Grade Point Average at time of graduation Proficiency in MS Office that includes Excel, Word, PowerPoint, and Outlook Proficiency in organizational, decision-making and problem solving skills Ability to execute multiple projects concurrently Ability to present data to all levels of management Demonstrated ability to communicate effectively both orally and in writing Limited travel required; approximately 10-20% Must possess the legal right to work in the United States Must be able to read, write, fluently speak and understand the English language emonstrated leadership of multifunctional projects Ability to drive organizations with competing priorities to successful outcomes preferred Ability to thrive in an environment with nominal guidance and deadlines preferred Excellent presentation skills preferred Highly results driven preferred Experience working with members of senior management preferred Experience in financial planning and analysis preferred Please note: The description is intended to provide a brief overview of the position. It’s not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, expectations, and skills required of those in this position. Duties and expectations may be subject to change at any time. Envoy Air is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled. Envoy Air Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of American Airlines Group, provides regional flight service to American Airlines under the American Eagle brand and ground handling services for many American Airlines Group flights. The company was founded in 1998 as American Eagle Airlines, Inc., following the merger of several smaller regional carriers to create one of the largest regional airlines in the world. Envoy is headquartered in Irving, Texas, with hubs in Dallas/Fort Worth, Chicago and Miami, with a large ground handling operation in Los Angeles. Connect with Envoy on Twitter @EnvoyAirCareers, on Instagram @EnvoyAirCareers, and on Facebook at Facebook.com/envoyaircareers and Facebook.com/EnvoyPilotRecruitment."
360,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a3bb8a66491c4430&fccid=5bcd1ef0a7f4fb99&vjs=3,
361,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=b5e5f4d1d9da8b8c&fccid=47425949caeadfbf&vjs=3,"Overview:  This is your opportunity to join one of the area’s most recognized leaders in ophthalmology and optometry. We are committed to customer service and making every interaction extraordinary while inspiring the complete confidence of our patients. Our employees contribute directly to the growth and success of our practices and take pride in being a member of our team. We strongly believe that the manner in which our patients and customers are treated by our employees is as important as the services provided by the doctor. Responsibilities: Provide financial reporting to management, especially KPI, revenue and expenses. Analyze complex data sets, identify key trends and/or drivers and provide recommendations to Management. Actively engage in improvement efforts related to reporting and system processes Actively participate in the implementation of analytical and reporting modules within the Kaufman Hall Axiom system (performance reporting, financial planning, database management) and continue support thereafter Support annual budget and interim forecasting processes. Troubleshoot and respond to questions from operations teams regarding financial reports. Perform ad hoc analysis and reporting across the organization Qualifications: A minimum of 1 year of corporate accounting or finance experience including financial statement analysis. Effective communication, strong work ethic, attention to detail and ability to follow through and to see big picture process improvement is critical. Detail oriented, highly organized, and computer literate with proficiency in MS Office and Outlook, with extensive experience utilizing Excel in the preparation and development of spread sheets to support all accounting functions. Experience with Kauffman Hall Axiom software highly desirable Must have excellent Microsoft Excel skills Familiarity with U.S. GAAP. A bachelor’s degree in Accounting or Finance. Experience in the Health Care industry desirable."
362,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BTYkY06FZEdAAtNWO-eDAfNklmfZymsMF6eFRONl7rAMN5x_2sHrqXfWPo9rHDxSON8y_k-t8O4eRpR_L6h3bNRYVJhe8Wb5dMZUhlTzNMFlnGdB6ImpHZUiMrrnQSjD9BSO51ziFAKuXSNCsInUem_Ih0OV-ea5-9YdHVNPOsaVlgsGiEl2LhTn3hxew0wAOymuhQExfXgoKoPLdLJyexUUjibp_Gf_9V3185maGdT67i7yIg4AeoE-C0qJ6DvRAOfc--k7ArPKiX14NjoXROnT4h7CcEF401XVUNGexVGr6Og2KmNtkSJ-y2cI313q7quNKEsfe-KHZdddLfXo3VUnEL6bsxosfqaFZeVtza5ou5Mzl5RlOHHFycdCGjmp9wkaYAqjXDy9pCIFMESouAFBhHIemAhmb6ud0pLqeVtCbrDZT64v2i2AWrVSc_WL9cbPiOEVaiD1a4JALr4h5ohu6WTRMlKJoIFc0BDNBgWA==&p=11&fvj=1&vjs=3,"Perform financial data analysis in preparing financial metrics and build reports for higher level associates; provide management and business clients with project statuses; perform reporting and analysis to support presentation and ad-hoc requests.Financial reporting and analysis, including budgeting, forecasting, variance analysis, financial reporting, and communication of risks and opportunitiesCollaborate with system analysts to maintain and develop reporting toolsCoordinate and collect input data from Financial Analysts in different departments, check data integrity, summarize and convert data, run models, verify, analyze, and communicate output dataBusiness presentations: Assist in development of presentations to communicate analysis results to senior audiences, clearly articulate outcomes of analysis to leadership teamsAd-hoc requests and special projectsJob DescriptionAs a Financial Analyst in our Infrastructure Line of Business (HR, Tech, Risk Management, Real Estate) you will work for a company that invests in ways to tell stories, view trends, and diagnose results in a more compelling and visual nature. You will have the opportunity to partner with business customers on driving strategic business direction that leads to sustainable performance and you will be asked to challenge our current well-managed processes to be more proactive, effective and efficient. Financial Analysts perform financial data analysis in preparing Profit & Loss or other statements and frequently build reports for higher level associates; provide management and business clients with project statuses; perform reporting and analysis to support presentation and ad-hoc requests.Roles require strong communication, problem solving, strategic thinking, and influencing skills in order to effectively:- Articulate outcomes of analysis and relevant insights- Develop presentations to communicate business and analysis results to senior audiencesPrincipal AnalystResponsibilities: Develop the Annual Budget, Monthly Financial Forecast and the Long-Term Financial PlanDevelop financial models and analyses to support growth of the business and strategic initiativesAnalyze current and past trends in key performance indicators including areas of revenue, expenses and capital expendituresMonitor performance indicators, highlighting trends and analyzing causes of unexpected varianceAnalyze complex financial information and reports to support accurate and timely financial recommendations to management for decision making purposesPrepare monthly, quarterly and annual Reporting and AnalysisIdentify industry trends and insights pertaining to competitor’s strategies and/or relative financial performance (e.g. peer benchmarking)Perform ad hoc analysis using data retrievals from internal financial systems and external market databases and package insights into clear and concise presentationsWork closely with the business leads to help identify areas and processes for driving efficienciesImplement and work with Business Intelligence Tools and Dashboard reportsBasic Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in a quantitative major (Finance, Accounting, Economics, Mathematics, Engineering)At least 2 years experience in financial analysis and financial modelingJob Type: Full-timePay: $35.00 - $42.00 per hourBenefits:Health insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:FP&A: 2 years (Preferred)Infrastructure line of business: 1 year (Preferred)Hyperion: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19"
363,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=780294d97e441bb7&fccid=cef67fd9d88af805&vjs=3,
364,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=2eb249f4a36338ae&fccid=e36389c7c5960977&vjs=3,"Overview:  Who we are: BAL is a team of brilliant people who change lives through elite immigration work and collaborative innovation. We pursue the exceptional in all that we do, but never at the expense of our values. There’s no denying our work is demanding, both in volume and pace, but we’re up for the challenge. We love the balance of hard work and fun – so, you’ll see us in jeans as we shatter glass ceilings and conventional stereotypes. BAL employees feel valued, rewarded, and respected. We seek opportunities to be of service to others and our communities. We are committed to your growth and development, and want to set you up for success here at BAL and beyond. Who you are: You are looking for work that has purpose. You aren’t afraid to roll up your sleeves and get stuff done. You learn quickly. You move fast. You embrace challenge and detail as well as creative thinking. You believe you have something unique to contribute and you aren’t afraid to raise your hand. You understand that powering human achievement is ultimately about impacting a real person. You are looking for a place to grow and an environment where everyone has a spot and is genuinely welcome. We’re better together: A bright, driven person like you and an industry-leading powerhouse like BAL? It’s a perfect combination! We truly want to see you succeed here and become an integral part of our mission to provide an experience that makes a positive difference in people’s lives. Come be a part of something special, where you can have an impact and be valued just for being you! This individual will be a part of the FP&A Department and will provide critical support to the firm’s annual budgeting process, operating plan variance analysis, financial reporting, and special projects. S/he will provide financial consulting and strategic support to management including preparing financial presentations, office/segment analysis, client profitability, headcount/compensation analysis, capital expenditure analysis, industry/peer group comparisons, new business opportunities, and other projects requested by management. The position will require the ability to mine and analyze various sources of data, consolidate the results, and deliver them to different departments across the firm on a regular and ad-hoc basis. This function is part of the analytical engine of the firm to provide business insights, determine trends/metrics and support firm-wide decision making. The Senior Financial Analyst will have regular contact with senior-level Attorneys and department executives and must communicate professionally and clearly. This position has tight deadlines and the ideal candidate will execute financial planning and analysis assignments with urgency. Responsibilities: Analyze current and past trends in key performance indicators including all areas of revenue, compensation, expenses by functional area, capital expenditures and cash flow forecasting. Monitor performance indicators, highlighting trends and analyzing causes of unexpected variance. Take a lead role in the continued development and maintenance of Budgeting, Financial Forecasting, Financial Reporting, Operating Plan, and Modeling tools. Assist in the implementation and continual enhancement of a Business Intelligence Tool. Develop financial models and analyses to support strategic initiatives. Analyze complex financial information and reports to provide accurate and timely financial recommendations to management for decision-making purposes. Support Partners, Regional Managing Directors and department heads with regular reporting and in-depth analysis. Prepare presentations to Management. Ad-Hoc Reporting and Analysis. Quarterly and Monthly Financial reports. Develop and implement workflow process improvements. Work on special projects as directed. Qualifications:  Minimum Education Level: Bachelor’s degree in Accounting or Finance is required. Experience: 4 - 6 years of relevant experience in the Finance department, including budgeting/forecasting, financial modeling, financial systems, internal financial reporting, and business operations support, preferably in the legal or professional services industry, is required. Familiarity with consolidations and cost allocations are desirable. Advanced MS Excel is required. Experience or familiarity with Aderant and/or Intellistat is a plus. Skills and Abilities: Strong business acumen with the ability to understand not only the details of the various transactions but also how those transactions impact high-level financial reporting. Strong fundamental understanding of accounting principles. Strong verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills. Strong troubleshooting ability, including performing root cause analysis. Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks while under pressure. Ability to work overtime when necessary."
365,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=e88943f694d9e8b5&fccid=147fc0d672e6597e&vjs=3,
366,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=cfab4df26d73dc5f&fccid=1ffa76a13b9cbaf2&vjs=3,
367,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9a1e5534029e948a&fccid=5ec03ed5cf57d5fd&vjs=3,"At Trelly Group (www.trellygroup.com), our mission is to help investment real estate evolve into a widely accepted asset class. It’s our firm belief that at some point in nearly every American’s life, they’ll invest in real estate. Through innovation and honest guidance, we’ll be the company to make that process as seamless and enjoyable as possible when they’re ready to take that step. JDRE is our traditional real estate brokerage, which is leveraging a $3K flat fee listing model to help folks keep more of the profit from the sale of their home. Myers Home Buyers has helped thousands of homeowners to get out from under distressed properties that can’t be sold on the MLS. Trelly is our new digital marketplace for off-market residential investment properties. Through technology and innovation, we are helping to drive the future of the real estate. Our focus on innovation is leading to rapid growth, and we are breaking molds on several fronts. We need a passionate and analytically minded Financial thought leader to help drive company strategy, empower executive decision making, and guide the company towards achieving its goals. The right Financial Analyst will have demonstrated experience in: Meaningful Analysis: The primary focus of this role is to support the CEO, leadership team, and the Board by developing reports and models, running scenarios, and identifying the insights that will inform strategic business and product decisions, and improve performance/results. Executive Engagement: This high-impact, highly visible role will engage with the CEO, Chief Product Officer, Business Unit leads, as well as the Board of Directors. Power of Persuasion: The ideal candidate will not only have superb technical skills but also strong interpersonal skills and the ability to influence and present to all levels of the organization, as well as to investors.  Who You Are: Team-Oriented Leader – You thrive in a fast-paced, rapidly-changing, collaborative environment. You are a doer, not a talker. You have a positive outlook, and love to celebrate team wins. You influence the outcome and recognize when/how to take charge. You will help to build an effective Finance team. Effective Communicator - You communicate clearly to a wide audience of varying management levels. You write well, and you speak eloquently. You can explain financial jargon to a non-financial person. Solid Attention to Detail: You pay attention to the details, and develop and use check figures for routine processes. You have the ability to remain focused, and ensure nothing falls through the cracks. Analytical: You excel at analyzing large amounts of data, identifying new insights and developing actionable conclusions. You are an Excel ninja, and are proficient in Business Intelligence tools. Discretion: You exercise sound business judgment around the sensitivity of data, decisions and discussions, and you maintain the utmost confidentiality and discretion in business relationships. Experience with NetSuite preferred.  REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS: Experience: 5+ years in a financial strategy leadership role. Proven ability to identify insights that influence outcomes. Industry: Experience in a high-growth start-up environment, specifically in b2b, fintech, or proptech, a major plus. Fundraising experience either through venture or private equity. Education/Qualification: Bachelor’s degree in Finance or relevant discipline. MBA preferred. Professional Relationships: Experience with vendors, investors, banking institutions, lending, and private equity partnerships."
368,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=4049895d34a44c19&fccid=1799f789a0c53bdc&vjs=3,
369,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1e2d9b46b63c490c&fccid=bb1b0bf26ce17bb6&vjs=3,"Overview:  This role researches and provides financial and business related analyses to assess the impact of various company projects and transactions. Responsibilities: Prepares forecasts and analyzes trends in sales, finance, general business conditions, and other related areas. Provides assistance to departments in the formulation of their budgets, reviews expenses against budgets, and issues monthly variance statements. For assigned projects, prepares detail of work plan and schedule, completes detailed analysis and research, identifies options, prepares reports for management, and recommends actions or change. Occasional long, irregular hours. Qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent required. 2 or more years related experience required. Broad knowledge of financial concepts, procedures, and practices. Strong knowledge of Microsoft Office, specifically Word, PowerPoint and Outlook. Advanced Excel skills and Hyperion Essbase experience. Work under absolute deadlines. Who We Are:  At BenefitMall, we believe a company is only as good as its investment in an employee’s future. We offer professional growth and tuition reimbursement, a rewarding wellness program, and numerous employee discount programs. In addition to our family centered, casual work environment, joining our team means receiving competitive compensation, comprehensive health benefits, paid time-off, employer-paid holidays, and 401(k) match. When you join BenefitMall, you aren’t just starting a new job, you become an important part of our growing and collaborative team. With over 40 years of providing benefits services nationally, BenefitMall is an industry-leader dedicated to offering top-notch solutions to our clients. We are an EOE F/M/D/V BenefitMall provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color creed, religion, sex, national origin, age, citizenship, disability, veteran status or any other protected status. Those applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the application and/or interview process should notify a representative of the Human Resources Department."
370,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=4360bd1b07f02564&fccid=de56d7554bea5214&vjs=3,"Your Impact: At Jacobs, we don’t settle – always looking beyond to raise the bar and deliver with excellence. We apply our expertise and knowledge as we look to the future with great optimism and focus. We don’t settle until we give our best and know that we’re making a difference. As the Senior Financial Planning Analyst, you’ll join a team that steers decision-making for Global financials. In this fast-paced environment, you’ll navigate and overcome challenges, paving the way for continued success and growth. In this dynamic role, you’ll: Proactively shape and influence IT Senior Management's decision-making process by managing the analysis and reporting around key business drivers. Effectively communicate the story of our monthly and quarterly detailed financial data, providing summaries, analysis, insights, and actionable recommendations to key stakeholders Support the monthly forecast process and annual budget plan process in a manner that drives and supports the strategic imperatives of the business, leveraging the documented forecast process and timelines. Assist in monthly close process to ensure proper financials are reported, including accruals, reclassification entries, variance analysis & other required reporting. Participate in key business initiatives, prepare ""what - if"" scenarios on certain business risk factors, break-even analysis, perform benchmarking and other ad-hoc projects as necessary. Collaborate with IT organization on Total Cost of Ownership, financial metrics, and cost transparency initiatives. Responds to financial inquiries by gathering, analyzing, summarizing, and interpreting data for IT leadership and our Business leaders. Provide mentorship of IT Finance team to help support development of staff for future career enhancements and financial skill improvements. As a Jacobs innovator, you’ll collaborate with a team of geographically dispersed financial gurus, while each of you discovers what drives you. At Jacobs, we believe in #TogetherBeyond, living inclusion, diversity, and cohesion; nurturing opportunity and encouraging career growth through mentorship and exemplary leadership; operating with the utmost integrity. We’ll help you grow, pursue, and fulfill what inspires you – so we can make big impacts on the world, together. #corpitjobs Here’s What You’ll Need:  Bachelor’s degree in Accounting, Finance or related field Successful, progressive experience in FP&A or Finance Advanced P&L and financial modeling skills Demonstrated ability to work collaboratively across the organization Ability to develop key business relationships & convey financial results to non-finance team members Knowledge of Hyperion Financial Management and Oracle Planning platforms Proven analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to proactively engage financial data to make recommendations Ideally you’ll also have: Knowledge of Technology Business Management practices Jacobs is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth, or breastfeeding), age, medical condition, marital or domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression and transgender status, mental disability or physical disability, genetic information, military or veteran status, citizenship, low-income status or any other status or characteristic protected by applicable law. Learn more about your rights under Federal EEO laws and supplemental language. At Jacobs, we’re challenging today to reinvent tomorrow by solving the world’s most critical problems for thriving cities, resilient environments, mission-critical outcomes, operational advancement, scientific discovery and cutting-edge manufacturing, turning abstract ideas into realities that transform the world for good. With $13 billion in revenue and a talent force of more than 55,000, Jacobs provides a full spectrum of professional services including consulting, technical, scientific and project delivery for the government and private sector."
371,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=54e2dc8416cfc42d&fccid=1e2e7e20f6eb2305&vjs=3,
372,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=90b030ea505aff25&fccid=24c6c21cc329dea7&vjs=3,
373,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5e40b902dddb02e0&fccid=ff08d9ffa2ebf831&vjs=3,
374,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CPB3noF1NENlJPM86OGCE4Nk9caxPEn8lKE6Or7Tx2wzIBmUtF_OOARKrypN6FKr_4vO9-L9vptxFCYl64A--FrrvlxphaFfjCd5HefUZpwfWNrevE87-9xV1cPnRcVIV5JW6v6bFjoBW8l46DClC2IfitinR59NfuDgW-T38QW-V7KtNcTmWGySZPRs34WCIKe-b2ciPc0rCmOLFhIxAelzzDlqHsvbJD3NwMI-bfhuUep5jxGHHSIk4EOkbBpKI9hbJyJyEWRnGW11cSPn9kEhDdMTKJ1ss-slL8BOkglTMcv805DogEv-HowNv20db2sEqv-eta4Rj5jLCP9GsjJFzVK0GwdQuwBK40BhYYcgUu9VsoYpfbkUaIuw5SgSb4UNJY_4xcnUBx2EreBF1a_0l82tPTV586S5x-x7tS01n3BmqSPlQnJC0_ZPDTFPFRE_yuikTAGIuhjAur80nc0pJH-EJzb1ObRdIZ8n8TiG5Wq-Qh1Jmf&p=10&fvj=1&vjs=3,"Key ExperienceNeed to know modeling and Excel – need to know more than just pivot tables, be a good data minerBuilding out financial models – not just take existing models, need to be able to interpret what the models are doingCash flowsStaffingAccounting – lots of accounting workP&LBalance sheetDebit/creditRevenue/expensesJournal entriesExperience with ERP systemsMinimum 3 years’ experienceJob Type: Full-timePay: Up to $93,000.00 per yearSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:High school or equivalent (Required)Experience:Accounting: 3 years (Preferred)Microsoft Excel: 3 years (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19"
375,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=758d807ed87995d1&fccid=0583e4d049538c8f&vjs=3,"This position is responsible for research, analysis and reporting of revenue cycle metrics across all Steward Facilities. The analyst will also be a core member of the Steward Revenue Operations Analyst team. Key Responsibilities Development and Production of daily, weekly and monthly analysis and reports; Assist with ad-hoc special projects aimed at improving hospital operations and financial performance Required Knowledge and Skills Strong interest in healthcare / Revenue Cycle; Significant experience with Microsoft Excel and statistical analysis; SQL knowledge is a plus Hands on experience with Microsoft Access or other database software, including table management, query design and data importing and exporting a plus; Understanding of drivers of financial performance and statistical concepts; Independent worker able to prioritize work to meet the needs of the organization and deliver regular and ad-hoc research, analysis and reports in a timely manner; Highly detailed and organized; Excellent communicator (both oral and written communication); Ability to work successfully with a range of team members, from entry level to executive level employees; Academic or professional experience in Business, Accounting, Finance preferred; Reports to Revenue Operations Management Education/Experience/Software Education: Bachelor's Degree; preferably in Information Systems or health-related field. Experience: 2 years of work experience, preferably in a Revenue Cycle or analytics related role. Software/Hardware: Excel, Microsoft Access, SQL a plus.   Location: Corporate · 1301.72071 CBO - Overhead Schedule: Full Time, Day Shift, M-F, 8:30-5:30"
376,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ab999736ed323f49&fccid=aeb15e43a6800b9d&vjs=3,
377,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=83663d866135dfbc&fccid=16a97ed26c75bf2d&vjs=3,"MORE ABOUT THIS JOB:  More About this Job Finance Planning & Analysis (“FP&A”) partners with firm and divisional leadership to understand and manage risks and create solutions through quantitative analysis, projecting and forecasting. We are responsible for firmwide business planning and transformation initiatives. The business planning function collaborates with groups across the firm to develop and manage the firm’s forward looking strategic and financial plans, including the firm’s P&L and financial resources. Our team collaborates with each of the firm’s revenue divisions, Controllers, Corporate Treasury, and Risk, among other groups at the firm, to develop models which inform firmwide strategic planning. These models analyze sensitivities of financial projections, as well as actual performance relative to projections. Professionals in the FP&A division have an analytical mindset, exhibit intellectual curiosity and are from diverse academic backgrounds. Primary Responsibilities We are looking for an [associate or vice president] to join the FP&A Strats team in New York. FP&A Strats, like other “Strat” efforts at GS, has the mandate to drive insights and innovation in the FP&A division through the use of analytics. We may leverage a broad range of cross-disciplinary techniques including quantitative finance, data science, machine learning, and optimization. The position involves solving real-world business problems in the financial and strategic planning process, working in tandem with other FP&A professionals and across divisions. The role requires a combination of the following competencies: a strong foundation in quantitative and data science techniques, an understanding of the financial markets and financial modeling, strong communication skills including to non-technical audiences, and software engineering. Projects will be driven by business need but may include the following: developing simulations of firm / business performance based on macro variables; creating explanatory analysis of aggregate business performance relative to forecasts; enhancing and building predictive models of volumes/market share/fees; and developing optimizations of forecast PnL relative to resource consumption. We expect a successful candidate to be self-led, entrepreneurial, and capable of managing the delivery and adoption of key products. RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS:  Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s or advanced degree in a quantitative discipline 3+ years of experience in finance in a technical, analytics-focused role, preferably with experience in both quantitative finance / corporate finance and data analysis Strong quantitative / analytic reasoning and problem-solving abilities Strong technical and computer programming skills, including ability to write Production-quality code Strong oral and written communicator, with ability to summarize complex issues and situations concisely and clearly Strong interpersonal skills; desire and ability to play on a team Strong interest in finance and financial modeling Results-oriented work ethic based upon responsibility, enthusiasm, and pride in work ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS:  © The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2021. All rights reserved. Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity"
378,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=83663d866135dfbc&fccid=16a97ed26c75bf2d&vjs=3,"MORE ABOUT THIS JOB:  More About this Job Finance Planning & Analysis (“FP&A”) partners with firm and divisional leadership to understand and manage risks and create solutions through quantitative analysis, projecting and forecasting. We are responsible for firmwide business planning and transformation initiatives. The business planning function collaborates with groups across the firm to develop and manage the firm’s forward looking strategic and financial plans, including the firm’s P&L and financial resources. Our team collaborates with each of the firm’s revenue divisions, Controllers, Corporate Treasury, and Risk, among other groups at the firm, to develop models which inform firmwide strategic planning. These models analyze sensitivities of financial projections, as well as actual performance relative to projections. Professionals in the FP&A division have an analytical mindset, exhibit intellectual curiosity and are from diverse academic backgrounds. Primary Responsibilities We are looking for an [associate or vice president] to join the FP&A Strats team in New York. FP&A Strats, like other “Strat” efforts at GS, has the mandate to drive insights and innovation in the FP&A division through the use of analytics. We may leverage a broad range of cross-disciplinary techniques including quantitative finance, data science, machine learning, and optimization. The position involves solving real-world business problems in the financial and strategic planning process, working in tandem with other FP&A professionals and across divisions. The role requires a combination of the following competencies: a strong foundation in quantitative and data science techniques, an understanding of the financial markets and financial modeling, strong communication skills including to non-technical audiences, and software engineering. Projects will be driven by business need but may include the following: developing simulations of firm / business performance based on macro variables; creating explanatory analysis of aggregate business performance relative to forecasts; enhancing and building predictive models of volumes/market share/fees; and developing optimizations of forecast PnL relative to resource consumption. We expect a successful candidate to be self-led, entrepreneurial, and capable of managing the delivery and adoption of key products. RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS:  Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s or advanced degree in a quantitative discipline 3+ years of experience in finance in a technical, analytics-focused role, preferably with experience in both quantitative finance / corporate finance and data analysis Strong quantitative / analytic reasoning and problem-solving abilities Strong technical and computer programming skills, including ability to write Production-quality code Strong oral and written communicator, with ability to summarize complex issues and situations concisely and clearly Strong interpersonal skills; desire and ability to play on a team Strong interest in finance and financial modeling Results-oriented work ethic based upon responsibility, enthusiasm, and pride in work ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS:  © The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2021. All rights reserved. Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity"
379,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=93b5da0ed796caa4&fccid=e57a47a3d1d90e39&vjs=3,"Description This role is part of Santander's Returnship Program. Additional details on the program are below. RETURNSHIP PROGRAM DETAILS Our 6-month Returnship Program is intended for experienced mid-level professionals with a financial services background, who have taken a career break for at least the last two years. Whether you may have been a stay-at-home parent or care giver, spent time supporting a partner, or simply had a career break, this may be the opportunity for you to re-enter the workforce! Alongside other ""Returnshippers"" in our cohort program, you will take part in a series of engaging professional development sessions designed to support your transition back to work. You will gain guidance on managing your career, refreshing your skills and insights into balancing work-life integration. You will also have the opportunity to build your professional network and meet our industry leaders who will immerse you into our corporate culture. The program is schedule to start in mid-September 2021 and conclude in late-February 2022. This role is a full-time position for the duration of the program. Job Family: Finance The Finance organization is responsible for leading and participating in a number of critical functions including: supporting executive management decisions making by analyzing results, assessing strategic alternatives and developing strategic plans; communicating financial results and forecasts with critical stakeholders, including executive management and Board of Directors, shareholders and regulators; managing the Company’s balance sheet, including interest rate and liquidity risks; establishes the Company’s capital policies and prioritizes investments; develops and implements controls to reduce operational risk; developing and maintaining financial data and systems. The Finance organization works across functions and Business lines in the Company, requiring a broad understanding of our business, risk and strategy.  Job Function: Financial Planning & Analysis Generates forecasts and analyzes trends in revenue-generating organizations, finance and other areas of business for financial and strategic planning purposes. Conducts financial and economic analysis and forecasting and evaluates alternate financial plans. Prepares, analyzes, interprets and maintains internal and external information related to economic policy, rates of return, depreciation, investments and operational and financial results. Analyzes profit-and-loss income statements and prepares reports on findings to make budgeting and cost recommendations to management.  Summary of Responsibilities: The Associate, Financial Planning & Analysis manages one or more processes, projects, or procedures within the Financial Planning & Analysis functionality. S/he will provide well-analyzed and defined recommendations on process improvements while influencing others regarding the FP&A policies, practices, and procedures.  Essential Functions: Develops, improves, independently manages one or more processes (reporting, projects, systems, procedures, or products) within the Financial Planning & Analysis structure. Enhances the financial understanding of business lines, products and segments to aid reporting, forecasting and business decision making. Influences others regarding FP&A process policies, procedures, and practices. Recommends industry and peer data sources to enhance reporting with benchmarks to support business cases. Coaches and reviews the work of lower level professional to help execute the financial management function. Implements solutions to existing problems. Delivers well-analyzed financial forecasts to support the businesses strategic direction and budget. Manages and is accountable for the growth of FP&A accounts. Informs and becomes informed via an exchange of facts, statuses, ideas, and issues. Acts as subject matter expert providing functional and technical guidance to team. Acts as a subject matter expert while providing leadership, guidance, and mentorship to other project managers. Other Functions: Acts as a subject matter expert (SME) while providing leadership, guidance, and mentorship to other project managers. Other duties as assigned. Requirements: At least two years since last working experience Education - Bachelor's Degree: Business Administration, Accounting and/or Economics or equivalent field or equivalent work experience Master's Degree: Business Administration, Accounting and/or Economics Experience - 5-9 years Financial Planning and Analysis in the Banking or Financial Services Industry Skills & Abilities - Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Ability to convey a sense of urgency and drive issues/projects to closure. Ability to prioritize and manage multiple projects simultaneously. Ability to listen and interpret the requirements of internal clients, plan accordingly, and exceed expectations. Strong financial analysis, modeling, and problem-solving. Demonstrated financial modeling knowledge and skills with strong analytical, qualitative, and problem-solving skills. Excellent interpersonal skills with ability to build relationships at all levels of management. Excellent leadership skills. Strong Proficiency in PowerPoint, Excel, Word. Strong experience in and knowledge of financial planning and analysis. Ability to multi-task and meet strict deadlines. Ability to effectively communicate complex financial transactions and strategies. Ability to effectively interact with the market, executive management and vendors. Detail oriented with the ability to research, organize and analyze financial data. Competencies: Execution - Initiative: Advanced - Leading and Guiding Personally follows-up with others to check on progress, uncover problems, and identify areas where assistance is necessary Takes initiative to act on new information and preemptively develops options and plans of actions Problem Solving - Solution Definition: Advanced - Leading and Guiding Persists in searching out the root causes of major problems rather than being satisfied with partial solutions or “quick fixes” Brings new thinking, insights or technology to problem resolution Change Orientation - Support for Change: Proficient - Applying and Executing Understands rationale for change and adjusts schedules and tasks to make things work Anticipates and plans for changes in work schedules and assignments Collaboration - Teamwork: Proficient - Applying and Executing Creates a good working environment in the team; works towards shared goals contributing ideas and accepting change Provides assistance and coaches less experienced team members Customer Focus - Issue Ownership: Proficient - Applying and Executing Addresses customer’s requests, ensures concerns are recorded accurately and action is initiated appropriately Makes extra effort to satisfy customers needs and meet commitments Influence - Two-way communication: Proficient - Applying and Executing Communicates in a timely and straightforward manner Probes for additional information, clarifies assumptions and confirms agreed-upon actions Keeps everyone involved informed about progress and issues Risk Business Acumen - Financial Command: Proficient - Applying and Executing Understands specific financial and accounting standards to identify and assess the impact and likelihood of operational risks Risk Management - Knowledge of Risk Management Policies, Regulations, Processes and Procedures: Proficient - Applying and Executing Executes risk management process and procedures without management direction, and demonstrates awareness of expected results Knows the relationship and impact of actions and results Has an understanding of regulations impacting area supported Working Conditions: Frequently: Minimal physical effort such as sitting, standing, and walking. Occasional moving and lifting of equipment and furniture is required to support onsite and offsite meeting setup and teardown. Physically capable of lifting up to fifty pounds, able to bend, kneel, climb ladders. Employer’s Rights: This job description does not list all the duties of the job. You may be asked by your supervisors or managers to perform other duties. You will be evaluated in part based upon your performance of the tasks listed in this job description. The employer has the right to revise this job description at any time. This job description is not a contract for employment, and either you or the employer may terminate employment at any time, for any reason. At Santander, we value and respect differences in our workforce and strive to increase the diversity of our teams. We actively encourage everyone to apply."
380,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=069e8d322e7d7445&fccid=1a9a1146f8fe1ec1&vjs=3,"BE authentic . BE influential . BE the expert . Be all that and more at Colliers. At Colliers, we help leaders succeed by helping them build amazing workplaces, businesses and communities around the world. We do this by thinking differently, sharing innovative ideas and offering a unique and collaborative workplace where you can succeed. Who you are  You are great with numbers AND people. As a trusted and reliable member of our team, you bring a positive, customer service approach that benefits our clients and everyone you work with. You love diving deep into research and financial analysis to provide ultimate solutions and proposals to your clients. You passionate about commercial real estate and looking for an opportunity to expand your knowledge in the industry.  As a Financial Analyst you’ll be at the heart of our support operations by providing expert financial analysis and other analytical work to support transaction management and brokerage services. Armed with exceptional analytical and organizational skills and a keen eye for details, you’re a problem solver who’s always looking for ways to improve internal processes to achieve better results.   What you bring  Bachelor's degree in Finance, Business Administration, Accounting, Economics or related area. 2-4 years' experience in real estate, capital markets or corporate finance. Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Excel Experience developing cash flow models and in-depth financial analysis. Bonus skills and experience  Commercial real estate experience Argus modelling experience. What success looks like  You will optimize client’s real estate acquisition and disposition strategies by developing comprehensive financial models, conducting research, and performing analysis of leases, proposals, and client portfolios. You will design and build sophisticated financial models for properties with existing and speculative cash flow in addition to ground-up development and redevelopment opportunities. You are passionate about providing exception service to you clients and you are able to do this through providing analytical tools and cost-effective analysis that can influence lease/ purchase decisions. You have excellent communication skills and thrive in a collaborative team environment. You are also comfortable providing support in client presentations, responses to RFP’s and new business pitches. You excel in a fast-paced environment, with the ability to deliver results to the highest accuracy in terms of financial analysis. #LICB1 BE who you are and what you want to be with Colliers. We’d love to meet you. Apply today to join our team.  Direct applicants only please, no agencies.  Colliers provides equal employment opportunity to all persons. No employee or applicant for employment will be discriminated against because of race, creed, origin, marital status, sexual orientation, age, otherwise qualified disabled or veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law."
381,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8926b78d871c9950&fccid=96c2e7ef0ac7fa10&vjs=3,"Hiring position in the Dallas Metroplex Position Title: IT Financial Analyst Department : Information Technology Reports To : Director, IT Operations Our Company: For over 40 years, Service King has been a collision repair operator of choice, with 350 locations in 24 states with a mission to provide a secure, fulfilling workplace that motivates our teammates to deliver safe, superior repairs with excellent customer service. Position Summary: The IT Financial Analyst will have experience working with IT spend, financial modeling, and support budgeting, forecasting, financial performance monitoring, ad-hoc analyses and reporting. This position will work closely with IT leadership managing investment and operational budgets based on actual and forecast spending, as well as, help improve financial management processes and improve IT spend utilization. Responsibilities: Perform financial forecasting, reporting, and operational metrics tracking: Provide analysis of IT trends/forecasts to recommend actions for optimization Review, audit and code IT invoices: Work with vendors directly to resolve any invoice or payment issues Analyze telecom usage: Track charges with the help of invoices and customer service representatives; Identify billing errors, billing automation opportunities Complete telecom reporting : Prepare detailed summaries for the telecommunication inventory; Review, analyze and reconcile large volumes of telecommunication data from multiple sources Partner with the IT Infrastructure teams : Work closely with Service Desk/Asset Management and Finance teams to ensure accurate financial reporting; Work with department management to develop corrective action strategies for problem areas Identify and drive process improvements : Assist the IT team in the creation of standard and ad-hoc reports, tools, and dashboards; Boost productivity by developing automated reporting/forecasting tools Perform regular audits of service utilization : Review, identify and verify active and non-active assets and associated costs; Monitor and ensure accurate use practices; Make recommendations and/or brings issues to management regarding service and their financial impact Develop the information technology budget: Partner with various Information Technology groups; Aggregate and incorporate into an annual corporate forecast Monitor IT finances and provide guidance : Audit Profit & Loss statement to identify cost trends and miss categorizations; Oversee billing issue reconciliation participates in process changes as needed Competencies: Core Competencies: Teamwork – Builds strong relationships and works collaboratively with others to meet shared goals; Strengthens relationships by promoting mutual trust and supporting Accountability – Holds self and others accountable to meet and exceed commitments; Focuses on quality results, monitors progress, learns from mistakes, and strives for Results Driven – Can be counted on to drive pace to achieve results and consistently meet or exceed expectations; Executes priorities with a focus on critical work to achieve targeted Sound Judgment – Makes good decisions by analyzing the situation, leveraging experience, and using available information; Objectively evaluates problems, discovers root causes, and works toward timely Customer Focus – Maintains a relentless focus on customers and is committed to the continuous improvement of services; Keeps internal and external customers in mind at all times and strives to proactively address customer concerns and Specialized Competencies: Analytical Mindset – Ability to work with a large number of details and data; Ability to analyze data to identify trends and opportunities to improve organizational performance. Time Management – Ability to analyze workload, assign priorities and maintain focus on tasks at hand in order to efficiently get work done. Attention to Detail – Ability to process detailed information effectively, consistently and quickly; Ability to catch and fix minor errors quickly. Excellent Written and Verbal Communication – Ability to provide clear, concise information in writing, via phone or in-person Technologically Savvy – Ability to type quickly and accurately; navigate computer software and programs. Working Independently – Ability to perform tasks, take action and complete projects without any assistance or help from others Position Requirements Basic/Required: 3-5 years of IT finance experience Strong IT financial modeling experience Finance, Accounting, Economics, or Statistics are preferred major fields FMVA or similar designations preferred Strong quantitative and analytical competency Significant expertise with Microsoft Excel and Google Sheets Experience with GAAP accounting principles, Bottom-up budgeting, TCO & NPV analysis/modeling, Cloud Infrastructure cost/savings modeling, Capitalization, COGS, depreciation, IT Tower and Service cost benchmarking Service King provides equal employment and affirmative action opportunities to applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability. Requisition ID: 24164 Category: Finance and Accounting Job Type: Full-Time"
382,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=bac4c4dc64fcb1af&fccid=cbd17ba6f82b31a1&vjs=3,"POSITION: Project Finance Analyst Department: Finance Location: Dallas, Texas Status: Exempt Company Overview: Leeward Renewable Energy is a growth-oriented renewable energy company that owns and operates a portfolio of 22 renewable energy facilities across nine states, totaling more than 2,000 MW of installed capacity. We are actively developing new wind, solar, and energy storage projects in energy markets across the U.S., with 17 GW of projects under development spanning over 100 projects. Job Summary: Leeward Renewable Energy is currently seeking an experienced Financial Analyst to provide information, analysis, financial modeling, and execution support for corporate financing activities and project financing activities. This position is based in Dallas, Texas and provides a perfect opportunity for a professional looking for interesting work within a small, growing team, the ability to expand their experience, work with all levels of the organization, and contribute to the company's success in the renewable energy industry. Essential Functions: Builds, utilizes, and maintains financial models for wind, solar, and energy storage projects to evaluate asset performance and pursue financing alternatives Performs project financial valuations and provides financial data for the preparation of bids for development projects Assists with deal structuring, diligence, and closing activities Performs due diligence on modeling inputs and assumptions Conducts market research to incorporate relevant information into the financial models Performs Ad hoc analysis and reporting as required Additional duties as required  Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Business Administration, Economics, or related academic field One (1) to Five (5) of extensive experience in financial valuation & modeling; Preferably in the renewable energy sector Experience in project and/or corporate financing Working knowledge of accounting Advanced Excel skills (MACROs, VBA, Pivot Tables) Familiarity with conventional/renewable energy is highly desirable Good team player with the ability to work in a growing team environment Strong analytical, attention to detail, multitasking and problem resolution skills Self-starter with effective interpersonal and communication skills Leeward Management Services, LLC is committed to employing a diverse workforce, and provides equal employment opportunity for all individuals regardless of race, color, gender, age, national origin, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a protected veteran, genetic information, status as a qualified individual with a disability, or any other characteristic protected by law"
383,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0DzX9bKA-nrYKWcjjPrcuzMuapzvcymFZrcZjn-rigyi9Sur7k3IqpTRdXTtra9MyD2EACslegaX5LfW-VVKlnPTmk0V-BBLUMGYsoolE0D2TUhQIA072_aa3sNd0s14zBVhtFKtWuLCpKjyQmtFcbS61ehsWwYoCunTF-xF0X98s0-svKkpJCLuxPb9nIJ1YycBvp_CXv2pOTEVJS9-1Cu2UbLqCeGzd6AhJzSId8ivZIyylyLoG__jAU2J_6cBEfdv3X4SpD9fez64O6JBr7x20kuCBWD_EOa4wwStJEPKYcUNafwWM4rTkQ6BaN0_-8mtq4s-3uCK1JTA051MRyDAgd1kejvzn6C5XzsmuXUopElTc0f_TYZfVU47dYevhUSlyTwQJAZW5V2uLsQ_2xsxtpRQATqkW7xGTvPudU_qeR4MojRHs0-pfAwlkRYvv27O9ZVLXP8QlYiF0CU2NZn2ZwWSLLN__QmAt1abwsVsnu2QaWtGBvLjMPKxu5rXg0=&p=6&fvj=1&vjs=3,"Unity Search has been engaged by a top performing company in the Retail/Restaurant industry in its search for a Senior Financial Analyst. This role will be responsible for a variety of tasks including but not limited to: budgeting/forecasting, FP&A analysis, financial modeling, business case analysis, decision support, and various other special projects executive management. The ideal candidate for this role would have 3+ years of related FP&A experience and/or public accounting experience with similar industry exposure. Business-related degree required; MBA or CPA certification preferred. Our client has experienced significant growth and has a great corporate culture. Salary for this role will depend on experience but will probably fall in the $80K to $95K range + Bonus.Job Type: Full-timePay: $80,000.00 - $95,000.00 per yearBenefits:Dental insuranceHealth insuranceVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:Corporate Finance: 3 years (Required)Work Location:One location"
384,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=046928d36da1b44b&fccid=d7592de274c3e1e6&vjs=3,"Arcosa Aggregates is searching for a Financial Analyst for our Ferris, TX location. In this role you, will support management with financial and business analytics and provide insight into developing market trends and opportunities. Arcosa Aggregates is a leading producer and distributor in the Western and Southwestern U.S. natural aggregates, including crushed stone, sand and gravel, asphalt rock, and other products. What you'll do: Comply with all industry safety rules, procedures and applicable government regulationsPrepare monthly financial forecasts and upload/input detailed account projections into the accounting system. Complete variance analysis templates between forecast, actuals, budget, etc.Prepare monthly/quarterly management performance recaps/binders and corporate reporting templates. Participate in annual strategic planning and budgeting process: at the detailed GL account level, upload of data, related presentation decks and materials for Senior Management.Create other ad-hoc financial, operational, statistical and analysis reports as required.Provide financial and business analytical support for field operations and sales.Provide management support and assistance as needed.Develop and or enhance tools, reporting, and metrics to improve efficiencies, costs and or data analysis. What you'll need: Undergraduate degree in Accounting or Finance.2-5 years of relevant experience.Familiar with Oracle Financials and strong Hyperion Essbase skills.Advanced Excel skills including macros using Visual Basic.Advanced PowerPoint and Word skills.Effective written and verbal communication skills. Works independently and a self-starter; creative, innovative, organized.Ability to prioritize and complete tasks in a timely manner.Desirable Experience/Training:  o Experience in a aggregate company.  o Oracle Discoverer software.  o NetSuite   o Overall software/computer literacy Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor???s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)"
385,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=00946a3f5738e065&fccid=1a6b149ff6bfe716&vjs=3,
386,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=93e6e76c1cce8d8f&fccid=256c2a66dd421ecf&vjs=3,"Description SHIFT: Work From Home SCHEDULE: Full-time Are you looking for a work environment where diversity and inclusion thrive? Submit your application with HCA Healthcare today and find out what it truly means to be a part of a team. We are committed to providing our colleagues with the support they need. We offer an array of medical, dental, and vision packages as well as several add-on perks to make your benefits package truly customizable to you. Some of our unique benefits we offer include: Student Loan Repayment Tuition Reimbursement/Assistance Programs Moving, mortgage, and real estate assistance 100% matching 401k based on years of service Identity Theft Protection discounts Auto, Home, and Life Insurance options Adoption Assistance Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP) We value your contributions. Our employee recognition programs encourage our teams to raise the bar. Come be a part of the change! What you will do in this role: Assist in translating business reporting requirements to development staff. Assist Manager in managing information effectively to improve departmental efficiency and performance Work closely with operations departments to assess and report performance Coordinate scheduled and ad hoc data and analysis requests across Shared Service Center (SSC) operational units Develop, test and deliver scheduled and ad hoc reports Assist in the development of financial data collection and measurement tools within the SSC Proactively review and provide data analysis and financial impact assessments to support SSC operations Prepare and analyze monthly MORs Prepare uncompensated care projections and variance analysis for accounts receivable and net revenue performance Monitor defined reports and work with applicable departments to ensure AR is properly stated at month end Create and support exception‐based report generation for all departments Understand revenue cycle operations and technologies currently in place  Qualifications EDUCATION  Bachelor’s degree with focus in Accounting, Finance, Economics or other Business‐related field, required.  Equivalent work experience may substitute degree requirement EXPERIENCE  3-4 years progressive accounting/finance experience required, preferably in healthcare revenue cycle preferred.  Advanced SQL and/or Business Objects query writing experience preferred. Parallon is an industry leader in revenue cycle services. We partner with over 650 hospitals and 2,400 physician practices nation-wide. Our parent company, HCA Healthcare, has been consistently named a World’s Most Ethical Company by Ethisphere and is ranked in the Fortune 100. We are dedicated to ensuring our patients have the best experience even after they leave our facilities. If you enjoy interpreting financial data and positively impacting patient outcomes, we would love to review your application. Apply today to join the Parallon family and our commitment to caring! We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.  Notice Our Company’s recruiters are here to help unlock the next possibility within your career and we take your candidate experience very seriously. During the recruitment process, no recruiter or employee will request financial or personal information (Social Security Number, credit card or bank information, etc.) from you via email. The recruiters will not email you from a public webmail client like Gmail or Yahoo Mail. If you feel suspicious of a job posting or job-related email, let us know by clicking here.  For questions about your job application or this site please contact HCAhrAnswers at 1-844-422-5627 option 1."
387,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=d2fd0301dfcb281c&fccid=245cecf5f0560d8c&vjs=3,"Job Summary  The Financial Analyst will support central admin department with monthly financial analysis and budget review.  Experience and Education  Bachelor's degree in finance, accounting, or related field and two (2) years progressively responsible experience in finance and/or accounting with experience in planning, forecasting, and financial analysis.  Job Duties  Completes variety of monthly financial management reports and reviews all reports for errors and inconsistencies; analyzes variations in forecasts and actual performance; determines reasons for variance; develops recommendations for improvement; completes written summaries of financial data.  Prepares monthly financial reports, schedules for annual financial reports, and reports to various government agencies, ensuring conformance of such reports with applicable procedures and regulations of University of Texas System and Federal and State agencies concerned.  Identifies areas of poor performance, presents findings, and makes recommendations to upper management.  Prepares financial models and conducts financial analyses.  May maintain controls for policies and procedures for financial systems; develops and maintains delegation of authority on various procedures, such as check requests, refunds, invoice approvals, bad debt write-offs, etc.  Completes special projects as requested.  Performs other duties as assigned.  Security  This position is security-sensitive and subject to Texas Education Code 51.215, which authorizes UT Southwestern to obtain criminal history record information. UT Southwestern Medical Center is committed to an educational and working environment that provides equal opportunity to all members of the University community. In accordance with federal and state law, the University prohibits unlawful discrimination, including harassment, on the basis of: race; color; religion; national origin; sex; including sexual harassment; age; disability; genetic information; citizenship status; and protected veteran status. In addition, it is UT Southwestern policy to prohibit discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression."
388,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=2eb249f4a36338ae&fccid=e36389c7c5960977&vjs=3,"Overview:  Who we are: BAL is a team of brilliant people who change lives through elite immigration work and collaborative innovation. We pursue the exceptional in all that we do, but never at the expense of our values. There’s no denying our work is demanding, both in volume and pace, but we’re up for the challenge. We love the balance of hard work and fun – so, you’ll see us in jeans as we shatter glass ceilings and conventional stereotypes. BAL employees feel valued, rewarded, and respected. We seek opportunities to be of service to others and our communities. We are committed to your growth and development, and want to set you up for success here at BAL and beyond. Who you are: You are looking for work that has purpose. You aren’t afraid to roll up your sleeves and get stuff done. You learn quickly. You move fast. You embrace challenge and detail as well as creative thinking. You believe you have something unique to contribute and you aren’t afraid to raise your hand. You understand that powering human achievement is ultimately about impacting a real person. You are looking for a place to grow and an environment where everyone has a spot and is genuinely welcome. We’re better together: A bright, driven person like you and an industry-leading powerhouse like BAL? It’s a perfect combination! We truly want to see you succeed here and become an integral part of our mission to provide an experience that makes a positive difference in people’s lives. Come be a part of something special, where you can have an impact and be valued just for being you! This individual will be a part of the FP&A Department and will provide critical support to the firm’s annual budgeting process, operating plan variance analysis, financial reporting, and special projects. S/he will provide financial consulting and strategic support to management including preparing financial presentations, office/segment analysis, client profitability, headcount/compensation analysis, capital expenditure analysis, industry/peer group comparisons, new business opportunities, and other projects requested by management. The position will require the ability to mine and analyze various sources of data, consolidate the results, and deliver them to different departments across the firm on a regular and ad-hoc basis. This function is part of the analytical engine of the firm to provide business insights, determine trends/metrics and support firm-wide decision making. The Senior Financial Analyst will have regular contact with senior-level Attorneys and department executives and must communicate professionally and clearly. This position has tight deadlines and the ideal candidate will execute financial planning and analysis assignments with urgency. Responsibilities: Analyze current and past trends in key performance indicators including all areas of revenue, compensation, expenses by functional area, capital expenditures and cash flow forecasting. Monitor performance indicators, highlighting trends and analyzing causes of unexpected variance. Take a lead role in the continued development and maintenance of Budgeting, Financial Forecasting, Financial Reporting, Operating Plan, and Modeling tools. Assist in the implementation and continual enhancement of a Business Intelligence Tool. Develop financial models and analyses to support strategic initiatives. Analyze complex financial information and reports to provide accurate and timely financial recommendations to management for decision-making purposes. Support Partners, Regional Managing Directors and department heads with regular reporting and in-depth analysis. Prepare presentations to Management. Ad-Hoc Reporting and Analysis. Quarterly and Monthly Financial reports. Develop and implement workflow process improvements. Work on special projects as directed. Qualifications:  Minimum Education Level: Bachelor’s degree in Accounting or Finance is required. Experience: 4 - 6 years of relevant experience in the Finance department, including budgeting/forecasting, financial modeling, financial systems, internal financial reporting, and business operations support, preferably in the legal or professional services industry, is required. Familiarity with consolidations and cost allocations are desirable. Advanced MS Excel is required. Experience or familiarity with Aderant and/or Intellistat is a plus. Skills and Abilities: Strong business acumen with the ability to understand not only the details of the various transactions but also how those transactions impact high-level financial reporting. Strong fundamental understanding of accounting principles. Strong verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills. Strong troubleshooting ability, including performing root cause analysis. Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks while under pressure. Ability to work overtime when necessary."
389,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=4c0bd1681c1a5260&fccid=8007912697900c90&vjs=3,"DZS (NSDQ: DZSI) is a global provider of leading-edge access, 5G transport, and enterprise communications platforms that enable the emerging hyper-connected, hyper-broadband world. A pioneer in disaggregated platforms, SDN, and virtualization, service providers and enterprises look to DZS for the innovation that leads to future-proof networks and outstanding performance. Over 1200 service providers, operators, and enterprises in over 120 countries have leveraged DZS innovation, open solutions, and agility to arm them with the network resources and deployment freedom they need to lead in their markets and deliver an unrivaled communications experience. With manufacturing, engineering, service and support centers of excellence spread across the globe, DZS is positioned to bring next-generation technologies and world-class solutions to service providers and enterprises who are poised to transform, compete and win. Location: Plano, TX Job Summary Reporting to the Director – Global Financial Planning and Analysis, the successful candidate in this role must possess strong business acumen, have a proven track record of performing meaningful business analysis and the ability to interpret and offer driver-based insights on business performance. This role will require a hands-on candidate that is detail oriented, has a strong knowledge of the most current Excel techniques and is inquisitive to understand the drivers of business results. Responsibilities Prepare and own Earnings binder, memo collection data and tie out numbers – Quarterly. Prepare and own MOR monthly operating review deck, gather information and insights, prepare slides and comments to variances relating to revenues and OpEx, headcount and KPI’s – Monthly. Prepare and own QBR operating review deck, gather information and insights, prepare slides and comments to variances in revenues and OpEx, headcount and KPI’s – Quarterly. Support collecting cost center COGS and OpEx variances, details and insights for each country and region – every month as well as for QBR, BOD and other review. Support tracking and analysis of product cost broken down by labor, materials and production and classified into fixed and variable – Monthly. Develop of Capex process, approval tracking and variances to actual spend, aligned with accounting depreciation and amortization rules – Monthly. Establish and develop acquisition income statement and tracking mechanism. Track cost savings vs targets at costs center and functional level and identify and communicate variances and corrective actions – Weekly, Monthly. Develop and improve reporting and analytical tools as required to support expected outcomes – Ongoing. Support ad-hoc analysis, variance investigation, insight gathering, root cause identification as required by an analyst in normal course of business – Ongoing. Update weekly / 2 weekly / monthly ELT finance reporting deck. Be responsible for the accuracy, timeliness, and quality of all work to a standard required of accounting and finance Support development of annual plans, quarterly forecast, and monthly flash. Position requires to be full time and expect to occasionally work long hours to deliver on tight deadlines, projects, and multiple priorities. Note that roles and responsibilities may change within the team as the needs to the business evolve in the normal course of business. Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in relevant Business, Accounting or Finance field. Minimum of 3-5 years general accounting experience with 2-3 years financial / business analysis experience. Professional and positive communication and organizational skills, including an ability to clearly explain complex concepts to non-accounting personnel. Advanced Microsoft Excel skills and experience working with large data sets, excel models or schedules Experience with process improvement projects and ability to manage multiple on-going projects. Diligent, highly efficient and accurate, with extreme attention to detail Self-starter, effective follow through and timely in providing status updates. Ability to work independently and productively in a dynamic environment, as well as being a solutions-oriented team player. CPA, CFA, MBA desired  At DZS, we're building a diverse workplace and an inclusive culture to give more people the chance to imagine, design, and make a better world. DZS is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and considers all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or any other legally protected characteristic. We also consider for employment all qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with applicable law."
390,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=bc1332e823d52adc&fccid=4a1076c699e1befc&vjs=3,"Who We Are: We are the world’s largest retailer of diamond jewelry and the world’s largest specialty jewelry retailer, with #1 market share in the U.S., UK and Canada. Signet operates approximately 3,200 stores globally, under the brand names Kay Jewelers, Zales, Jared, H.Samuel, Ernest Jones, Peoples Jewellers, Piercing Pagoda and JamesAllen.com. All Are Welcome Here: Signet is a people company – this means that we put our customers and our employees at the center of everything we do. Our culture celebrates diversity and inclusion, while uniting around a common mission and distinct privilege of helping our customers Celebrate Life and Express Love®. We strive to make sure that our 35,000 employees have professional, personal and social development opportunities to unleash their full potential and have equal opportunity for advancement, regardless of their gender, race, sexuality or any other aspect of their background. At Signet, we nurture an inclusive environment where employees feel safe, supported and empowered at work each day. We do not and will not tolerate any behavior that undermines this effort. Position Summary: The Analyst, Financial Planning & Analysis (FP&A) will support the FP&A Manager with functional, business, and broad company objectives. In this role the analyst will provide data and analysis to help integrate and develop processes that meet business needs across the organization, solve complex issues within functional area of responsibility, support long-term planning, and contribute to the overall business strategy. Major Responsibilities/Essential Functions: Provide data and analysis for the FP&A Manager as well as business leaders to drive key business initiatives and effectively analyze and report the financial impact on the business. Analyze and organize data appropriately by anticipating the internal clients’ expectations. Ensure the accuracy of the organization’s financial results by coordinating close cycle activities with Accounting and recognizing and preventing misrepresentation, concealment, or omission of information. Provide analytical support for business planning and development of short and long-range financial and business plans. Ensure planning cycle and reporting requirement deadlines are met by coordinating across multiple functions to gather, organize, and prepare required data/information within established timelines. Performs additional duties and projects as assigned. Consistent regular scheduled attendance is considered an essential function of this job. Education Required: Bachelor’s degree, MBA preferred. Required or Acceptable Job-Related Experience: Minimum 1 year. Finance background, SAP experience desired; Financial modeling expertise a plus Technical/Other Skills Required: Excellent verbal and written communications skills; Ability to prioritize multiple tasks; High level of curiosity; Analytical thinker with an ability to conduct research and data analysis; Professionalism with a high level of discretion. Benefits & Perks: Competitive healthcare, dental & vision insurance 401(k) matching after one year of employment Generous PTO + company holidays Diversity programs Paid subscription to PlateJoy Much more!"
391,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=c5cc69807c0aa93d&fccid=7ab60864a5cb3685&vjs=3,"ProPath, the largest 100% physician-owned, nationwide pathology practice, seeks an exceptional Senior Financial Analyst to join our thriving practice. The selected individual will become a part of a 50+ physician group and independent laboratory. ProPath is a nationally recognized practice founded in 1966 and based in Dallas and facilities in Houston, Atlanta and Massachusetts. We have over 50 physicians and PhD’s on the team. Our over 500 team members are based in 11 different states with physical facilities in three. This position will take an active role in leading the preparation of the annual operating and capital budget. The Senior Financial Analyst will perform various ongoing financial analysis including budget, profitability and trend analysis, while providing timely feedback to executives and senior management. This position is a high profile, high impact opportunity, which involves interaction with CEO, CFO and Vice-Presidents.   Essential Functions: Analyzes, evaluates and interprets appropriate financial and statistical data, reports and records. Develops and/or documents business policies, conducts special financial and business-related studies and cooperates with other departments in the preparation of analyses. Conducts financial and business-related analyses and research including the preparation of forecasts and/or analysis of trends. Provides reasoning for variances and make recommendations relative to the accounting treatment of reserves, assets, and expenditures. Advises management of expected outcomes and recommend ways to improve the outcomes. Independently pursues fundamental problem solving and documents the recommendations to management. Serve as strategic business partner overseeing financial performance of the Business Unit or Function, including profitability and resource allocation related decisions. Provide strategic functional expertise in setting business direction, approving business development activities, as well as defining and monitoring performance metrics to deliver objectives. Financial planning and analysis of period results and strategic long-range outlook for P&Ls. EDUCATION/KNOWLEDGE: College degree in Accounting or Finance required. Extensive knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, and database programs. EXPERIENCE: A minimum of 2-3 years related experience. ProPath offers employees a full benefits package that includes: medical, dental, a matched 401K plan and much more! Don’t Follow the Leader! Join the Leader! Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor???s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)"
392,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=24fda3339b0a0cab&fccid=4144c0c6235e4037&vjs=3,"Prudential Private Capital: 2022 Real Assets - Energy, Power & Renewables Finance - Summer Investment Analyst Location(s): Dallas, TX Timeline: We review applications on a rolling basis, and we encourage you to apply as soon as you are ready. Our goal is to notify you of your status within 3 weeks after each application period concludes. Application Periods: Period 1: July 15, 2021 to September 1, 2021 Period 2: September 1, 2021 to October 1, 2021 Period 3: October 1, 2021 to November 1, 2021 All applications should be fully completed by November 1, 2021 To ensure you are considered for the opportunities you want most, you are only able to apply to 3 positions per recruiting season. All applications must be submitted within one sitting. Your Impact: Are you a rising junior looking to apply your analytical knowledge with a passion for energy & power? Or maybe you’re looking to gain foundational knowledge and skills to apply in a professional environment, while developing strong relationships through training, mentorship, and ongoing feedback. At Prudential Private Capital that’s a challenge we can help you meet as a Summer Investment Analyst in our Energy & Power Finance group, which is divided into two sub sections – Energy and Power & Renewables. The Power & Renewables group provides capital to companies and projects across the Power sector value chain., including traditional and renewable power plants (wind, solar, geothermal, etc.) investor owned utilities, and electric cooperatives. The Energy group invests in energy related activities across the global value chain including, energy transmission and storage infrastructure projects, exploration & production, services, and utilities transactions. What You Can Expect: Challenging and interesting work – we are one the largest investors in the private capital markets Formal structured training alongside on the job training Foundational, broadly applicable training on how to better understand companies and industries Being a part of a large, vibrant and diverse cohort of Analyst Program peers across the globe A collaborative and collegial team environment where your contributions have a major impact Exposure to a broad range of industries including manufacturing, service, distribution, renewable power, and infrastructure Direct exposure to senior executives at portfolio and prospect companies A fast-paced learning environment while maintaining a balanced life Prudential Private Capital is the private capital investment arm of PGIM, the global investment management business of Prudential Financial (NYSE: PRU). Prudential Private Capital manages roughly $100 billion of private debt and equity investments in over 1,000 companies across the world. Click here to learn more about Prudential Private Capital. Your Day to Day: Industry and company research Financial modeling Writing investment recommendations Portfolio and credit monitoring Preparation of marketing materials Your Desired Skills: Candidates must be enrolled in an accredited bachelor’s program graduating around May 2023 Minimum 3.0 GPA required Excellent analytical and writing skills Interest in investing Successful candidates must possess US employment authorization to be eligible for consideration. Prudential does not provide visa sponsorship for this position Our Application Process: Submit your application. Receive invitation for first-round digital interviews – Part one includes telling us about yourself via a digital introduction. Part two includes answering pre-recorded interview questions with the business(es) that are advancing your applications(s). Last step, final round interviews– If selected, you will have the opportunity to meet with us in person or virtually to learn more about our business and culture. For 2022 early talent roles, our process is designed to help you learn more about Prudential and share your story with us. Digital interviewing allows greater flexibility, enables a quicker interview process, allows us to meet more candidates and share your story with more members of your team. Prudential Financial, Inc. of the United States is not affiliated with Prudential plc. which is headquartered in the United Kingdom. Prudential is a multinational financial services leader with operations in the United States, Asia, Europe, and Latin America. Leveraging its heritage of life insurance and asset management expertise, Prudential is focused on helping individual and institutional customers grow and protect their wealth. The company's well-known Rock symbol is an icon of strength, stability, expertise and innovation that has stood the test of time. Prudential's businesses offer a variety of products and services, including life insurance, annuities, retirement-related services, mutual funds, asset management, and real estate services. We recognize that our strength and success are directly linked to the quality and skills of our diverse associates. We are proud to be a place where talented people who want to make a difference can grow as professionals, leaders, and as individuals. Visit www.prudential.com to learn more about our values, our history and our brand. Prudential is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, genetics, disability, marital status, age, veteran status, domestic partner status , medical condition or any other characteristic protected by law. The Prudential Insurance Company of America, Newark, NJ and its affiliates. Note that this posting is intended for individual applicants. Search firms or agencies should email Staffing at staffingagencies@prudential.com for more information about doing business with Prudential. PEOPLE WITH DISABILITIES:  If you need an accommodation to complete the application process, which may include an assessment, please call (800) 433-8960, prompt 4 or email accommodation.h&w@prudential.com. Please note that the above number and email are solely for individuals with disabilities requesting an accommodation. If you are experiencing a technical issue with your application or an assessment, please email careers@prudential.com to request assistance."
393,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=90b030ea505aff25&fccid=24c6c21cc329dea7&vjs=3,
394,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=329b9c85c599b77b&fccid=c9b9e477b3c84b4d&vjs=3,"Posted 10-May-2021 Service line Advisory Segment Role type Full-time Location(s) Dallas - Texas - United States of America JOB SUMMARY CBRE is the world’s largest commercial real estate services and investment firm, with the #1 global market position in leasing, property sales, property management, occupier outsourcing and valuation. CBRE’s Advisory Finance Team is looking to add a Senior Financial Analyst as a business partner to our Managing Directors and Operations teams in the US markets. This position has full P&L access and responsibilities for communication of Divisional and Local Market Area results and responsible for communicating the market strength and weaknesses through the P&L. Our next team member, is someone who has a desire to impact the business by thoroughly understanding the financials, can move at a fast pace (pivoting and improving are key), has a passion for the Corporate Real Estate Industry (no prior experience is need, just a desire to learn), and wants to go beyond the basic reporting functionalities of a “traditional” FP&A team. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Evaluates and analyzes a variety of financial results and indicators such as the P&L, capital deployment, pipeline conversion metrics, liability balances etc. In partnership with the market area leaders, recommends actions that may be taken to improve financial results.  Through the monthly close & forecast process, annual budgets, and ad-hoc analysis provide financial roadmaps for market performance based on research insights, market leader sentiment, and broker submitted pipeline.  Advances the vision of the financial innovation office to provide one source of financial truth and continue to move away from being “report driven machines” to delivering data driven financial insights about the business through dashboarding and automation.   Key partner in analyzing recruiting and retention of brokers, by modeling out proposed contracts and understand the IRR and proposed EBITDA. Be able to measure actual performance against model and recommend suggestions for improvements. Performs approval requirements as needed for the hiring compensation process, commission overrides, journal entries etc. Be an actively engaged team member of the divisions finance team. For our team to succeed and continuously move forward & improve, we must work collaboratively together by mentoring, training, encouraging, and engaging with our other team members. Performs other duties as assigned.  SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES No formal supervisory responsibilities in this position. Mentorship role to new team members and to the financial analyst assigned to the division. Provides informal assistance such as technical guidance, and/or training to co-workers. May coordinate and assign tasks to co-workers within a work unit and/or project. QUALIFICATIONS  To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.   Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.    EDUCATION and EXPERIENCE  Bachelor's degree (BA/BS) from a four-year college or university in a business related field plus a minimum of four years related experience.      CERTIFICATES and/or LICENSES  None.  COMMUNICATION SKILLS  Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Strong organizational and analytical skills. Ability to provide efficient, timely, reliable and courteous service to customers. Ability to effectively present information in written and verbal form to subordinates, customers and supervisors.  FINANCIAL KNOWLEDGE  Requires strong knowledge of financial terms, concepts and accounting principles and the ability to comprehend and interpret complex financial transactions.  REASONING ABILITY  Ability to comprehend, analyze, and interpret complex financial information and transactions and accounting principles. Ability to problem-solve, both independently and working as a team. Requires strong analytical and quantitative skills.    OTHER SKILLS and ABILITIES  Strong computer skills, including specific knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, Word, Outlook, PowerPoint, etc.). Broad experience with other software and financial systems is desired such as HFM Consolidation, PeopleSoft Financials and Cognos Planning. Knowledge of real estate service industry and terminology is helpful. Strong work ethic and adaptable.  SCOPE OF RESPONSIBILITY  Decisions made with understanding of procedures and company policies to achieve set results and deadlines. Responsible for setting own project deadlines. Errors in judgment may cause short-term impact to co-workers and supervisor."
395,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=080f611f4bbabc56&fccid=74f65078093903f6&vjs=3,"Analyzes financial status by collecting, monitoring, and studying data; recommending actions. EXPECTATIONS Identifies and drives process improvements, including the creation of standard and ad-hoc reports, tools, and Excel dashboards. Identifies financial status by comparing and analyzing actual results with plans and forecasts. Guides cost analysis process by establishing and enforcing policies and procedures; providing trends and forecasts; explaining processes and techniques; recommending actions. Improves financial status by analyzing results; monitoring variances; identifying trends; recommending actions to management. Develops financial models and process analysis. Maintains database by entering, verifying, and backing up data. Recommends actions by analyzing and interpreting data and making comparative analyses; studying proposed changes in methods and materials. Increases productivity by developing automated accounting applications; coordinating information requirements. Protects operations by keeping financial and other sensitive information confidential. Performs other duties as assigned. EDUCATION - REQUIRED BS - Bachelor of Sciences EDUCATION - FIELD(S)/PROFESSION(S) Finance, Accounting or other related field. EXPERIENCE/SKILLS 4-7 years of experience analyzing financial information Strong quantitative and analytical competency Self-starter with excellent interpersonal communication and problem-solving skills Advanced financial modeling and data analysis Advanced knowledge of Excel, PowerPoint and other financial tools etc. Highly skilled in multi-tasking and keeping organized Capacity to meet different deadlines and manage various tasks Outstanding analytical and communication skills Additional Information The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Finance of America is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, religion, creed, age, national origin, physical or mental disability, gender identity and/or expression, marital status, veteran status or other characteristics protected by law."
396,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=32f03ac6e4f3593a&fccid=0583e4d049538c8f&vjs=3,"Position Purpose: Reporting to the Director of Strategic Analysis, the Business Analyst - Data Scientist will be responsible for supporting automation initiatives from our robust Enterprise Data Warehouse, as well as other data sources. This role will be a key resource in building our Data Science team, aiding in the automation of manual reporting processes. As this is a new position, the incumbent will help shape the role and process that defines success. Build reporting solutions from scratch, experienced in data visualization, and have a strong bias towards creating clean, powerful, user-focused visualizations.Collaborate on projects involving multiple teams that leverage unstructured environmentsAbility to communicate and partner effectively with technical and non-technical teamsDirectly/indirectly led the contributions of others and developed colleagues’ capabilities in reporting tools, business analysis methods and techniques.Comfortable with SQL/Python to extract, analyze, prepare dataExpert at being able to comprehend complex excel calculations and automate them in an open source solution. Education / Experience / Other Requirements Education: Bachelors or Master’s in Business,Computer Science, Physics, Math or related field Years of Experience: Minimum of five (5) years of experience with healthcare data (ACO settings preferred)Minimum of four (4) years working as a Data Scientist Specialized Knowledge: Strong SQL skills.Advanced Python skills.Familiarity with ETL processesProficient in the use ExcelAbility to work across organization and with a variety of different departments.Excellent written and verbal communication skillsMust be able to present to senior leadershipFamiliar with Agile methodologies, including work tracking tools like Jira/Asana/etc. Location: Corporate · 1301.72030 Financial Planning Schedule: Full Time, Standard Workweek, 8-5"
397,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1e2d9b46b63c490c&fccid=bb1b0bf26ce17bb6&vjs=3,"Overview:  This role researches and provides financial and business related analyses to assess the impact of various company projects and transactions. Responsibilities: Prepares forecasts and analyzes trends in sales, finance, general business conditions, and other related areas. Provides assistance to departments in the formulation of their budgets, reviews expenses against budgets, and issues monthly variance statements. For assigned projects, prepares detail of work plan and schedule, completes detailed analysis and research, identifies options, prepares reports for management, and recommends actions or change. Occasional long, irregular hours. Qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent required. 2 or more years related experience required. Broad knowledge of financial concepts, procedures, and practices. Strong knowledge of Microsoft Office, specifically Word, PowerPoint and Outlook. Advanced Excel skills and Hyperion Essbase experience. Work under absolute deadlines. Who We Are:  At BenefitMall, we believe a company is only as good as its investment in an employee’s future. We offer professional growth and tuition reimbursement, a rewarding wellness program, and numerous employee discount programs. In addition to our family centered, casual work environment, joining our team means receiving competitive compensation, comprehensive health benefits, paid time-off, employer-paid holidays, and 401(k) match. When you join BenefitMall, you aren’t just starting a new job, you become an important part of our growing and collaborative team. With over 40 years of providing benefits services nationally, BenefitMall is an industry-leader dedicated to offering top-notch solutions to our clients. We are an EOE F/M/D/V BenefitMall provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color creed, religion, sex, national origin, age, citizenship, disability, veteran status or any other protected status. Those applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the application and/or interview process should notify a representative of the Human Resources Department."
398,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ff14a699c2b6a638&fccid=231c2dfdebff5a70&vjs=3,"Main Event is looking for a Financial Analyst – Labor to join the Finance Team. This position will be responsible for partnering with the Finance and Operations teams to provide labor and cost to all levels of leadership through forecasting, modeling, reporting, and analytics. This position will report to the Sr. Director of Finance.  Primary Responsibilities: Execute and deliver standard daily & weekly reports on labor costs Partner with Operations leadership to provide centers with relevant tools and information to manage their labor costs Compare and analyze weekly and monthly labor results against budget and forecasts Create clear, concise management reports summarizing key performance metrics / insights Refine existing financial models and develop new models to better predict performance. Fulfill requests for Ad Hoc reports from other team members of the organization on a timely basis Assist in preparing PowerPoint presentations for executive meetings of critical information Assist with the annual budget and planning process  Required Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree Strong skill level / experience with Microsoft Excel (ability to work with Pivot Tables, VLOOKUPs, SUMIFS formulas), and Microsoft PowerPoint (ability to visually present data) Personal time management skills; ability to manage tasks and assignments, and meet deadlines Good communication, presentation, and problem-solving skills Ability to work cross-functionally and multi-task in a fast pace environment A mindset that views co-workers as teammates and challenges as opportunities for growth  Preferred Qualifications: Bachelor’s in Business, (preferably Finance or Accounting) or Economics 2-3 years of financial analysis, budgeting, or forecasting experience Experience in a multi-unit business Experience in some area of these industries: Consumer Packaged Goods, Casual Dining, Family Entertainment, Retail Experience with SQL, Hyperion  If you’re ready for that next step in your career and want to join a growing, fun company, then apply today!  Main Event is an Equal Opportunity Employer"
399,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CPB3noF1NENlJPM86OGCE4Nk9caxPEn8lKE6Or7Tx2wzIBmUtF_OOARKrypN6FKr_4vO9-L9vptxFCYl64A--FrrvlxphaFfjCd5HefUZpwfWNrevE87-9xV1cPnRcVIV5JW6v6bFjoBW8l46DClC2IfitinR59NfuDgW-T38QW-V7KtNcTmWGdlQ5GStwifIURes1rsMEM7R0AmAz7GtJrFJrLIjY5SuWfUdoJH6srT6dEICZVke0V8c23n0_ci4b6_neTAUNS6dMtaSnU8eI04spQOau-v_RTdjxd5Rb3JWYxd9tXEulLvDmejLAvpWCzi1cWH4W8JlLGQQLmuyk2izA2RswZp9cEIWNk4RGCo51Ux_XC5gmD4qCUa8FxQ1O1vGYLeit8feYu_3iCtGYb89-M-pmlkeUAG-xg5uCRYIJM3t2zigjVQZ1Bw2Ez56dHJaI5lpWRidwbXwb2GzNzkRgb2Sp2dJENIvYHIsY3PpUEMKSoC2b&p=8&fvj=1&vjs=3,"Key ExperienceNeed to know modeling and Excel – need to know more than just pivot tables, be a good data minerBuilding out financial models – not just take existing models, need to be able to interpret what the models are doingCash flowsStaffingAccounting – lots of accounting workP&LBalance sheetDebit/creditRevenue/expensesJournal entriesExperience with ERP systemsMinimum 3 years’ experienceJob Type: Full-timePay: Up to $93,000.00 per yearSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:High school or equivalent (Required)Experience:Accounting: 3 years (Preferred)Microsoft Excel: 3 years (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19"
400,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=18267b7b4db35007&fccid=113aaa197a9a2fad&vjs=3,"The Financial Analyst position will be responsible for supporting the revenue forecast, new and renewal lease analysis, managing expense departments and ensuring accurate and timely payments of commission to the sales team. Essential Functions: Sales Commission: Monthly and quarterly commission calculation, payment, approvals and reporting. Revenue analysis: Monthly reporting, forecasting, budgeting for the annual plan and support of the 5-year plan. Specifically, forecasting Managed Services, Interconnection, Tower and Metered Power business. Generally supporting pipeline, backlog and churn forecasts for the colocation business. New Deal Analysis: Review and model new leasing opportunities, assess returns and seek internal approvals as required by our controls. Incorporate information into our pipeline forecast. Renewal Analysis: Review existing deals with near-term lease terminations to re-price. Liaison with the account management team to determine new lease economics and incorporate churn impact into or revenue forecasts. Expense Management: Budgeting and monthly forecasting and performance/variance reporting. Perform a variety ad hoc reporting. Minimum Requirements: Strong work ethic and commitment to operational excellence and process improvement. Detail oriented, ability to read and understand contracts. Flexible to various demands and ability to remain calm under tight deadlines. High degree of creativity as well as intellectual curiosity is required. Must be able to effectively handle multiple projects concurrently. Must be proficient to expert level with Excel and have previous analytical experience. Experience with Yardi, SFDC and OneStream is a plus Must have strong interpersonal skills. Excellent verbal and written communication skills with individuals at all levels Must be able to work outside of normal business hours as necessary; may include very limited travel. Experience with calculating commissions is a plus Experience with contracts and attention to detail orientation Ability to work independently and take on high volume tasks Experience/Skills: Minimum of 2 years in a similar position (Financial or Business Analyst). Knowledge of data center economics is a plus. Education: BS Degree with emphasis in Accounting, Finance or Economics. MBA/CPA is a plus. Certifications: None Work requirements: Working beyond a 40-hour work week is typical. Some weekend work could be required during shorter reporting periods. CyrusOne is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other legally protected status. CyrusOne provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities in accordance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and any other state or local laws. We will respond to requests for reasonable accommodations to assist you in applying for positions at CyrusOne, or to submit a resume. If you need to request an accommodation, please contact our Human Resources at 214.488.1365 (Option 7) or by email at HR@cyrusone.com ."
401,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=b33bf48df246abcd&fccid=245cecf5f0560d8c&vjs=3,"Experience and Education  Bachelor's degree in finance, accounting, or other related field and four (4) years progressively responsible experience in finance and/or accounting with experience in planning, forecasting, and financial analysis.  Job Duties  Completes variety of complex monthly financial management reports and reviews all reports for errors and inconsistencies; analyzes variations in forecasts and actual performance; determines reasons for variance; develops recommendations for improvement; completes written summaries of financial data.  Prepares and/or supervises preparation of monthly financial reports, schedules for annual financial reports, and reports to various government agencies, ensuring conformance of such reports with applicable procedures and regulations of University of Texas System and Federal and State agencies.  Identifies areas of poor performance, presents findings, and makes recommendations to upper management.  Prepares financial models and conducts financial analyses.  May maintain controls for policies and procedures for financial system; develops and maintains delegation of authority of various procedures, such as check requests, refunds, invoice approval, bad debt write-offs, etc.  Completes more complex special projects as requested.  Performs other duties as assigned.  Security  This position is security-sensitive and subject to Texas Education Code 51.215, which authorizes UT Southwestern to obtain criminal history record information  UT Southwestern Medical Center is committed to an educational and working environment that provides equal opportunity to all members of the University community. As an equal opportunity employer, UT Southwestern prohibits unlawful discrimination, including discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, disability, genetic information, citizenship status, or veteran status. To learn more, please visit: why-work-here/diversity-inclusion/ ."
402,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=2ad032b88e8a7bb7&fccid=537b899e30af3338&vjs=3,"What is the opportunity? The Municipal Finance Analyst provides analytical, research and transactional support to investment bankers in all departmental work activities relating to the structuring and issuance of municipal bonds through negotiated, competitive sale or private placement. What will you do? Prepares projections, bond / loan portfolio analysis and modeling & related financial analyses for potential & actual capital markets transactions, including data conversion, synthesis & analysis. Gathers, organizes and analyzes information necessary to prepare proposals, client presentations, offering statements and marketing materials. Prepares proposals and participates in presentations for prospective clients, describing in detail financing alternatives in originating, structuring and marketing an issue and our ability to perform the financial advisory and underwriting functions in a capable manner. Develops an understanding of economic and political forces affecting the issuance of bonds and the bond market through internal and external resources. Enhances the Department’s use and knowledge of available information pertaining to the municipal capital markets by collecting, organizing and maintaining various marketing materials and information resources. Coordinates the various activities, both internal and external, relating to pricing and settlement of municipal finance transactions. Works closely with management and Investment Bankers to secure closings. Develops data and analytical processing skills, a proficient knowledge of available computer programs & improves data processing system to enhance departmental efficiency. Perform other tasks job related duties as assigned. Proactively identify operational risks/ control deficiencies in the business. Review and comply with Firm Policies applicable to your business activities. Escalate operational risk loss events, control deficiencies and risks that you identify to your line manager and the relevant risk and control functions promptly. What do you need to succeed? BA/BS degree in Business Administration, finance, economics with demonstrated record of high achievement. MBA with emphasis in finance, Accounting, Public Administration or Finance is preferred. 1 to 3 years of related professional Municipal Finance experience. Quantitative and qualitative analytical skills; strong knowledge of finance and accounting. Highly motivated, committed and responsible, with a demonstrated ability to manage conflicting priorities and requests. Proficiency with personal computers and standard productivity applications. Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to establish and maintain relationships at all organizational levels. Strong oral and written communication skills. Ability to take initiative and function independently balanced with strong teaming skills. Maintain high standards of professional and ethical conduct Series 79, 63, 7, 52, 50 licensing What’s in it for you? We thrive on the challenge to be our best, progressive thinking to keep growing, and working together to deliver trusted advice to help our clients thrive and communities prosper. We care about each other, reaching our potential, making a difference to our communities, and achieving success that is mutual. A comprehensive Total Rewards Program including bonuses and flexible benefits, competitive compensation Leaders who support your development through coaching and managing opportunities Ability to make a difference and lasting impact Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team Join our Talent Community Stay in-the-know about great career opportunities at RBC. Sign up and get customized info on our latest jobs, career tips and Recruitment events that matter to you.  Expand your limits and create a new future together at RBC. Find out how we use our passion and drive to enhance the well-being of our clients and communities at jobs.rbc.com.  JOB SUMMARY City: Dallas Address: 200 Crescent Court Work Hours/Week: 40 Work Environment: Office Employment Type: Permanent Career Level: Experienced Hire/Professional Pay Type: Salaried Required Travel (%): 0-25 Exempt/Non-Exempt: Exempt People Manager: No Application Deadline: 10/31/2021 Platform: Capital Markets Req ID: 388176 Ad Code(s):"
403,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a6b92f5d0e38b759&fccid=9e7b1d1ecaebb4af&vjs=3,"Overview:  Pariveda Solutions is seeking a motivated individual to fill a full-time Financial Analyst role. This role is, at its core, a collaborative, analytical and problem-solving role. As a growing company, there is continuous change and improvement that requires strong prioritization, judgment, and decision-making abilities. This job will morph and grow over time allowing you to build your career. We Look For: 1-3 years of experience in a similar role, including budgeting/forecasting and financial analysis Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, verbal and written Ability to prioritize, multitask and manage time effectively to meet tight deadlines Superior analytical thinking with attention to detail Creative problem-solving skills Ability to work in a fast-paced environment Proven ability to collaborate successfully Experience with Microsoft Office Suite, including proficiency with Excel and PowerPoint Bachelor’s Degree in Finance, Accounting, or Economics or comparable experience Legally authorized to work for any company in the United States without sponsorship You Can Expect To: As a Pariveda Financial Analyst, you will work closely within the Financial Planning and Analysis team and support the organization in their higher-level purpose of partnering with leadership to make strategic business decisions to drive business value to Pariveda's shareholders. This analyst role will have the unique opportunity to collaborate with a variety of different groups to provide financial analysis and insights. In conjunction with the entire Consulting and Corporate Services teams, this role is responsible for supporting financial planning activities to ensure Pariveda establishes and meets the local and company-wide goals set each year. You can expect to: Partner with stakeholders across the organization to develop the Annual Budget and subsequent reforecasts, with the opportunity to introduce planning techniques Assist business units with comparative analysis of financial and operational data, measuring performance against annual plan/reforecasts and external benchmarks Provide industry level and company level insight to support consulting operations and alliances Collaborate with a cross-functional team to leverage frameworks and models to evaluate profitability and performance Pariveda Benefits Competitive Salary Exceptional 401k – 4% company match Plenty of Paid Time Off - 4 weeks of vacation time plus 10 holidays Paid sabbatical after 5 years of service for Principal levels and above Paid parental leave Company Ownership through Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) from your very first day at Pariveda Excellent Healthcare and Wellness 100% company paid premiums for you and your family (medical, dental, vision) Life Insurance Short Term and Long Term Disability In 2003, we asked one simple question. Can a technology consulting firm be successful by focusing first on growing the individual to their fullest potential? We believed that through an unwavering commitment to developing people we could create a different kind of company. We created Pariveda. It is through this belief in helping the individual, counter to industry norms, we have grown revenue each and every year since 2003. We are passionate about creating interesting solutions to the unknown/unmet needs of our clients and to grow, both our people and our clients, through those experiences. We believe in the efficiency of small teams working together to solve complex problems leveraging strategy and technology. At Pariveda, we integrate information technology into the fabric of businesses across the breadth and depth of their value chains. We call this the Business of IT®. We believe in growing deep relationships with our people, our clients and others in our networks. Trusted relationships are integral to everything we do - from relationships with the people with whom we work, the people we partner with at our clients, or the people we interact with in our communities. We believe trusted relationships are built through challenging and exhilarating experiences that make a difference to clients and communities. You will discover people here are passionate about their work. You will discover our openness in developing you and growing as our expectations are openly communicated to you and provide opportunities for you to evidence your readiness to move to the next level. And together we seek to be difference-makers in our industry and the communities where we live by always learning, coaching more, and giving back. We serve clients ranging from Fortune 100 to Global 2000 to startup companies and spanning multiple industries. We provide company ownership through our Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) from your very first day of work with us. Our people live and work in local communities within the thriving cities of Atlanta, Chicago, Dallas, Houston, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco, Seattle and Washington DC. If you are inspired by our mission and our beliefs and want to join us in developing yourself and others as a Financial Analyst in our Dallas office, apply today. The Business of IT® is a registered trademark of Pariveda Solutions, Inc. describing where IT departments need to act more like the businesses they serve given the ubiquitous integration of information technology into the world of business."
404,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=cc0b96dda96531df&fccid=b1f63de84c0bf6ed&vjs=3,"Job Details Level Experienced Job Location Dallas, TX - HQ - Irving, TX Remote Type N/A Position Type Full Time Education Level 4 Year Degree Salary Range Undisclosed Travel Percentage Negligible Job Shift Undisclosed Job Category Finance Description Position Summary The Financial Analyst supports critical ongoing reporting and data insights to assist the CFO and the Executive Leadership team in making decisions about the Company’s financial status and future. This position is located at the Irving, TX headquarters of Caris Life Sciences, directly reporting to the VP of Finance, and will work closely with the Finance and Accounting teams to produce accurate and timely reporting related to operations and the company’s financial performance. The successful candidate will utilize strong business acumen, deep financial expertise and solid communication skills to become an effective partner at every level of the organization to understand business objectives and provide insightful reporting, decision support analysis, and forecasting in support of those objectives.  Job Responsibilities Serve as key support for forecasting, annual budget, long–term planning, monthly close, and analytics for a variety of functional groups. Develop, deploy, and communicate on-going monitoring of relevant business metrics, across financial and non-financial areas. Perform headcount and capacity planning analysis of key operating trends and related financial metrics. Provide timely periodic and ad hoc financial reporting results to management team, analyze and communicate variances to plans, and provide performance improvement recommendations. Assist business planning efforts within assigned groups to ensure optimal implementation and on-going management of business models. Provide support for month-end close activities within established deadlines, including monthly reporting of production activities, department cost results and variance analysis, as well as any required journal entries. Identify, investigate, and resolve potential issues within tight time constraints. Load and maintain several data templates through Hyperion, critical to monthly and periodic executive reporting.  Knowledge and Skills Direct experience in financial modeling, capacity planning, forecasting, and budgeting. Knowledge of the main components and drivers of income statement, balance sheet and statement of cash flows. Financial reporting skillsets to synthesize large amounts of data and information for presentation of resulting insights to business partners and executive leadership. Detail-oriented, excellent work ethic, positive attitude. Ability to manage multiple simultaneous projects effectively in a fast-paced, rapid-change, high-energy environment. Demonstrated results-driven orientation. Ability to self-manage and prioritize workload to meet delivery deadlines and solve complex problems. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Willingness to share and receive information and ideas from all levels of the organization in order to achieve the desired results. Commitment to the successful achievement of team and organizational goals through a desire to participate with and help other members of the team.  Education, Certification/Licensure, and/or Experience Bachelor Degree in Business/Accounting/Finance required 1-3 years of experience in Corporate Finance and/or FP&A functions  Physical Demands Must possess ability to sit and/or stand for long periods of time. Must possess ability to perform repetitive motion. Crouching and bending may be required when retrieving files. Ability to lift up to 15 pounds. Majority of work is performed in a desk/cubicle environment.  Other Minimal Travel Required Occasional weekends and evenings required during peak budget and forecast cycles, if required to meet deadlines.  Preferred Qualifications Biotechnology, healthcare, and/or laboratory industry experience a plus Private Equity experience is helpful Advanced expertise in Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint; Knowledge of Looker, Tableau, and similar BI applications a plus. Direct hands-on experience with Hyperion and Smart View preferred.  This job description reflects management’s assignment of essential functions. Nothing in this job description restricts management’s right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time.  Caris Life Sciences is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. We prohibit discrimination and harassment of any kind based on race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, gender identity, and sexual orientation), national origin, age (40 or older), disability or genetic information, or any other protected characteristic as outlined by federal, state, or local laws.  #LI-JA1"
405,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=13971a84647fe26f&fccid=876bfa98c9e3c0ad&vjs=3,
406,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=0e23596ff26f8881&fccid=f31c1410bf4b1788&vjs=3,
407,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=2ad032b88e8a7bb7&fccid=537b899e30af3338&vjs=3,"What is the opportunity? The Municipal Finance Analyst provides analytical, research and transactional support to investment bankers in all departmental work activities relating to the structuring and issuance of municipal bonds through negotiated, competitive sale or private placement. What will you do? Prepares projections, bond / loan portfolio analysis and modeling & related financial analyses for potential & actual capital markets transactions, including data conversion, synthesis & analysis. Gathers, organizes and analyzes information necessary to prepare proposals, client presentations, offering statements and marketing materials. Prepares proposals and participates in presentations for prospective clients, describing in detail financing alternatives in originating, structuring and marketing an issue and our ability to perform the financial advisory and underwriting functions in a capable manner. Develops an understanding of economic and political forces affecting the issuance of bonds and the bond market through internal and external resources. Enhances the Department’s use and knowledge of available information pertaining to the municipal capital markets by collecting, organizing and maintaining various marketing materials and information resources. Coordinates the various activities, both internal and external, relating to pricing and settlement of municipal finance transactions. Works closely with management and Investment Bankers to secure closings. Develops data and analytical processing skills, a proficient knowledge of available computer programs & improves data processing system to enhance departmental efficiency. Perform other tasks job related duties as assigned. Proactively identify operational risks/ control deficiencies in the business. Review and comply with Firm Policies applicable to your business activities. Escalate operational risk loss events, control deficiencies and risks that you identify to your line manager and the relevant risk and control functions promptly. What do you need to succeed? BA/BS degree in Business Administration, finance, economics with demonstrated record of high achievement. MBA with emphasis in finance, Accounting, Public Administration or Finance is preferred. 1 to 3 years of related professional Municipal Finance experience. Quantitative and qualitative analytical skills; strong knowledge of finance and accounting. Highly motivated, committed and responsible, with a demonstrated ability to manage conflicting priorities and requests. Proficiency with personal computers and standard productivity applications. Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to establish and maintain relationships at all organizational levels. Strong oral and written communication skills. Ability to take initiative and function independently balanced with strong teaming skills. Maintain high standards of professional and ethical conduct Series 79, 63, 7, 52, 50 licensing What’s in it for you? We thrive on the challenge to be our best, progressive thinking to keep growing, and working together to deliver trusted advice to help our clients thrive and communities prosper. We care about each other, reaching our potential, making a difference to our communities, and achieving success that is mutual. A comprehensive Total Rewards Program including bonuses and flexible benefits, competitive compensation Leaders who support your development through coaching and managing opportunities Ability to make a difference and lasting impact Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team Join our Talent Community Stay in-the-know about great career opportunities at RBC. Sign up and get customized info on our latest jobs, career tips and Recruitment events that matter to you.  Expand your limits and create a new future together at RBC. Find out how we use our passion and drive to enhance the well-being of our clients and communities at jobs.rbc.com.  JOB SUMMARY City: Dallas Address: 200 Crescent Court Work Hours/Week: 40 Work Environment: Office Employment Type: Permanent Career Level: Experienced Hire/Professional Pay Type: Salaried Required Travel (%): 0-25 Exempt/Non-Exempt: Exempt People Manager: No Application Deadline: 10/31/2021 Platform: Capital Markets Req ID: 388176 Ad Code(s):"
408,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=32585fb1a2fc55de&fccid=bba0430bc102e0e7&vjs=3,"Stage 1 Financial LLC is pioneering the rise of a new industry, fully outsourcing the operational finance and accounting services for fast growing brands. We have experienced explosive growth in the past several years, currently working with over a hundred of the fastest growing brands in the country. Some current and past clients include: Herbivore Botanicals, Hatch Collection, Milk+Honey, Pinkberry, Skin Laundry, Skinny Dipped Almonds, Tosi, The Dry Bar, WHOOSH!, etc.  Our company culture values hard work, respect, and honesty. We promote from within and have long tenured employees. We treat our employees as family and foster that through monthly team bonding events, employee of the month prizes, complimentary snacks, and so much more!   Role:   This new team member will work alongside our Finance Director and Finance Team to support our clients in analyzing their businesses and building models to help them make fact based decisions. An ideal person for this role is a puzzler, cool under pressure, great at meeting deadlines, and willing to go the extra mile for our clients.   Job Responsibilities:   Support our base of clients in the development and execution of all financial planning models: including cash flow, strategic planning, annual budgets, and other ad hoc planning and analysis. Compile, consolidate and analyze operational results. Enhance reporting by working with our accounting and business intelligence teams to facilitate improvements made with systematic reporting. Participate in the preparation of annual and department budgets. Develop and maintain variance analysis to identify opportunities and potential risks/exposures. Work in congruence with business intelligence and accounting teams to build data warehouse by creating KPI’s, dashboards, and standardized reporting for product lines and divisions. Support the preparation of consolidated monthly financial reporting, analysis and insightful commentary for key stakeholders. Work with CFOs to develop board level analysis and presentations. Manage the review of capital appropriations for proper supporting documentation and accurate financial costing. Operational support including business partnering support in developing annual forecast & quarterly updates.   Requirements:   BA/BS in accounting or finance Strong verbal and written communication skills. 1-3 years financial analyzing/planning experience Excellent time management skills Advanced Excel Skills Strong customer service skills/background. Must exude courtesy, politeness, and patience Must be team orientated. Must be detail orientated.   Will be tested on:   PIVOT TABLE, VLOOKUP, SUMIFS, INDEX & MATCH, COUNTIFS, & etc. Basic knowledge of QuickBooks under requirements.   Compensation:   Competitive base salary, bonus, 15 days PTO for your first 3 years & 20 days after 4 years, CPA eligible hours, advanced schooling flexibility, plus extremely competitive benefits including health, dental, vision, 401k plus more."
409,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=fed24bb8b17e228a&fccid=124d2eb87a9084a3&vjs=3,"WHO WE ARE:  RealPage is changing the technology real estate industry and our teammates know how to think big and leave their mark. If you want to join a globally progressive and inclusive company devoted to excellence, we are looking for you! We are the leading global provider of software and data analytics to the real estate industry. We navigate clients toward the right decisions with data and technology insights they can only get from RealPage. Serving our clients is our highest priority and RealPage teammates are our greatest asset. Come join a team where your work makes an impact every day! ABOUT THE TEAM:  As part of RealPage finance organization, will initially support the Smart Building (Community Connect) product line, reporting to the Director of Finance. WHAT YOUâLL DO: Assist in the collection and maintenance of financial data in order to effectively process accurate and timely financial reporting requests. Additionally, the position will work closely with the Financial Planning and Analysis Manager on various projects to help the FP&A department meet all objectives. Primary interaction work groups would include Client Services, Accounting, Financial Reporting and MIS. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES: Detail review and analysis of product level and consolidated revenue on a monthly basis. Prepare, analyze and reconcile product and consolidated level metrics. Reconcile billings and site licenses Create and maintain product level analyses of sites, revenues and gross profits. Assist in preparation of production backlog analysis on a monthly basis. Assist in the preparation of monthly cash flow forecasts. Assist in the preparation and analysis of consolidated monthly results of operations, cash flows and changes in working capital. Assist in the preparation of quarterly management and board reporting. Assist in the preparation and review of annual budgets and monthly/ quarterly forecasts. Prepare and analyze unique customer and unit data. Create ad hoc financial reports and analyses as required. Complete other projects as determined by management to assist department and operations. #LI-AS1 REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS/ABILITIES:  Minimum 2-3 years of financial analysis or accounting experience Four-year college degree in business related field Strong data mining and data automation skills Strong skills with Microsoft Excel (Intermediate to Advanced), Access, Word, and PowerPoint Ability to provide innovation and improve processes Excellent verbal and written communications skills Must be self-motivating, hardworking, analytical and proactive Must be able to work well with individuals at all levels, inside and outside the organization Flexibility to work overtime when needed This role is located in Richardson, TX PREFERRED KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS/ABILITIES: Experience with Epicor and FRx a plus Experience with financial reporting tools such as Hyperion Essbase, Cognos, etc. a plus Experience with Epicor a plus WHAT WE OFFER:  At RealPage, we’re always looking for talented professionals who thrive in a learning work environment that continually supports individual greatness. We foster a culture of innovation and creativity. It is the things you do that bring out the best of you and RealPage. RealPage considers qualified applicants without regard to gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, race, national origin, age, veteran, or disability status. We celebrate diversity and are committed to building an inclusive work environment where all teammates feel a sense of belonging while bringing their authentic self to the table and being valued for it."
410,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9598f50b50d3645c&fccid=12f1fd5dba253774&vjs=3,
411,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ed02e2f55f32e38b&fccid=b716e44d2c6283e7&vjs=3,"Rating Analyst – Local Government Ratings The Role: As a Rating Analyst, you will conduct credit analysis and evaluate the credit quality of governmental entities – specifically cities, counties and school districts- as it relates to their ability to repay debt obligations. You will be responsible for aggregating data and information to present to rating committees. You will interact with clients, make presentations, and prepare reports for internal and external distribution. Responsibilities:Review financial and operating statements, economic data, and strategic plans for school districts, cities, counties, tax assessment and other local government credits.The individual will be involved in reviewing the structure and legal documents to determine the security of the transactions being rated in accordance with the S&P Global Ratings criteria.Prepare presentations on these credits to a rating committee and communicating the results of these deliberations to clients, their representatives, financial intermediaries, investors, and the media including preparing details ratings analysis for publication.The individual will be expected to handle new issue transactions as well as maintain timely surveillance of local government ratings consistent with existing S&P Global Ratings criteria. In addition, he/she will be expected to write criteria pieces, and to publish commentary articles. The Impact: This person in this position will have the opportunity to increase our ability to efficiently and effectively serve our clients. Your analysis and work is essential to the covering of a diverse portfolio of credits, as well as in serving as a backup to other analysts. This role will review financial and operating statements, economic data, and strategic plans for school districts, cities, counties, tax assessment and other local government credits. It will be involved in reviewing the structure and legal documents to determine the security of the transactions being rated in accordance with the S&P Global Ratings ratings criteria. The individual will be expected to handle new issue transactions as well as maintain timely surveillance of local government ratings consistent with existing S&P Global Ratings criteria. The Career Opportunity: This role has significant growth opportunities. Advancement will be available to those who show a strong aptitude and embrace the municipal sector. While overall career development will depend on individual performance and company need, this is an opportunity for your skills and hard work to move you forward. This role will prepare presentations on these credits to a rating committee and communicating the results of these deliberations to clients, their representatives, financial intermediaries, investors, and the media including preparing details ratings analysis for publication. The Team / The Business: The local government team has a strong collegial environment and friendly atmosphere; as a new analyst, you would be regularly assigned to work with senior analysts to improve your knowledge and understanding, and we would expect you to frequently ask questions of senior analysts, who are happy to oblige. A lot of the work is completed independently, but every rating involves a team of analysts, so teamwork is very important. The pace is fairly rapid, so if the thought of working on one report by yourself for months sounds boring to you, you’d like this environment. Your Skills: The candidate should possess critical thinking skills, along with proficiency with major off-the-shelf software. The candidate should have the aptitude to be a team player, but also be able to work independently. In addition, the candidate must have: strong verbal communication and writing skills; analytical and problem-solving skills; excellent time management and ability to stay organized, meet deadlines, and multitask; the ability to think independently and critically; and the ability to mentor others. This role will work with financial models and financial data. Requirements:Bachelor's Degree required; Master in Public Policy, Public Administration, or Business Administration a plusMinimum of 2 years of experience in government finance/financial services; municipal experience a plus15% domestic travel S&P Global Ratings S&P Global Ratings is the world’s leading provider of independent credit ratings. Our ratings are essential to driving growth, providing transparency and helping educate market participants so they can make decisions with confidence. We have more than 1 million credit ratings outstanding on government, corporate, financial sector and structured finance entities and securities. We offer an independent view of the market built on a unique combination of broad perspective and local insight. We provide our opinions and research about relative credit risk; market participants gain independent information to help support the growth of transparent, liquid debt markets worldwide.S&P Global Ratings is a division of S&P Global (NYSE: SPGI), which provides essential intelligence for individuals, companies and governments to make decisions with confidence. For more information, visit www.spglobal.com/ratings EEO Statement North America S&P Global is an equal opportunity employer committed to making all employment decisions without regard to race/ethnicity, gender, pregnancy, gender identity or expression, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, marital status (including domestic partnerships and civil unions), sexual orientation, military veteran status, unemployment status, or any other basis prohibited by federal, state or local law. Only electronic job submissions will be considered for employment. If you need an accommodation during the application process due to a disability, please send an email to: EEO.Compliance@spglobal.com and your request will be forwarded to the appropriate person. The EEO is the Law Poster http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf describes discrimination protections under federal law."
412,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5290bcca248dce8f&fccid=ebe17b4a1e950246&vjs=3,"This position is the lead role for financial and operational reporting and analysis supporting the Managed Services Delivery Team - including the reporting of KPIs and other financial and operational performance metrics and special projects. Responsible for quantitative and data analysis to make strategic and tactical recommendations that maximize company profitability. On an as-needed basis will provide analytical support to business unit and group leadership at all levels and across the organization. Job Description Recommends actions by analyzing and interpreting data and making comparative analyses; studying proposed changes in methods and materials. Ensure daily data capture allows for metrics analysis and operations coordination. Create reporting on Key Performance Indicators by utilizing financial and operations data Participate in monthly close process ensuring costs and revenue are appropriately captured and reported - Work regularly with accounting to verify financial data Prepare monthly reporting package using excel and powerpoint for presentation to executive leadership Collaborate with the Services management team to improve operational and financial performance Test new tools, reports and technologies. Work with existing software and programs to capture, validate, contextualize and share findings Create forecasting process and forecasts using inputs from the team and utilizing existing tools. Guides cost analysis process by enforcing policies and procedures; providing trends; explaining processes and techniques; recommending actions. Maintains database by entering, verifying, and backing up data. Work on special projects outside of standard analysis as assigned by manager Qualifications 5-7 years of relevant analytical experience with preferred 2 years of finance and/or accounting background. 2 years working in Global Company with knowledge of International transactions from an accounting perspective. Exceptional analytical and problem solving skills, and experience applying these skills to resolve operational accounting process and system issues: can present results in meaningful terms. Strong interpersonal and communication skills with ability to lead project teams across functions Advanced Excel and other Microsoft Suite applications High level of personal integrity and confidentiality. Experience in using SAP or similar Platforms Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor???s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)"
413,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=efeb8940ace591f6&fccid=c74bd41822e8af5e&vjs=3,"Description:  Financial Reporting Analyst, Cooper Aerobics Center; Full-time. The position reports to the Controller and works closely with business unit leaders, accounting staff and the CFO in the financial reporting, planning, and analysis of various business units. Schedule: Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Preparation of monthly financial reporting package Variance analysis Preparation of annual profit plan Reconciliation of balance sheet accounts and sub-ledgers Preparation and entry of journal entries into general ledgers Other duties and projects as assigned . Requirements: BS/BA degree in Accounting or business related field 2 to 3 years related experience CPA, or working toward CPA certification is desired Strong MS Excel skills Microsoft GP Dynamics experience a plus Must be a detail-oriented self-starter who can work independently to meet deadlines"
414,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CsVqxrTdu7Y-QW9OzdKlKlQspxjF7alEdxbzpbFOvg9SRulxQi2yaoio09hmpK3RO3mpHPcyCv3Gz0SQ-tYPzDHO8HPXRDw3vb6wiqDZR0F3kWrCNzmpic1S5al6k7MGvktAXpIE_a5FPq5hpi6o9ZDQ_O5mQS1wbNHIRDD13YmnMSKW9QZE-HDeIG-_dSvEw3UAq7PCe6Wnn6hL-yDl5srkdaN6UWgKZnlJDILlcJt0RxnDLgbtHNV8eg60Uv4Fobvi2TlaCJUXOdKBYldBM6rK_mUYypCXWJ1XHxwB-9bSjavjyyPxPE7tiYdtvMtRfN5CONWoheCr5XcQKJmZDO1n-sTwpASJV3q4IKavxlAROZtrE5Ru4ijldGfUlvGdTy7W75WybI1Pz_5F9tcaY7JwcZubzAwza-uhRLeL0Wp1sX7fBwOGllaHDHS-4oBXNoNeOSn9EbeTOAEqger07PeiFLe9oV_lUffpFSMAeZhA9RdadRV3coM5aLejN9AXN3vRquakffoqxthTLlHEGXEFq9fco0JeIZ-nWft8DvgfTmNr90edEvkKgtKjIjt2UPkHaZ71KZzuo5WovQBIcIBz56cjaONwmuuHaS6jxjVkRLVpCnewwUm0503OHryF4voFx-kQHzONO07-FxaydhIxzJTjqDM1jzurKMiN39gztpDX3HJRkLPeIqdcIOYhsMbL7a01iZ9k55s-xvhvvimP8_HmJJaRWhhFpfuAhDaOLV8eQ109tglR3mKLm4BSqCCz3C-LCVj6ypsTuX3Yx5TYsMaL89hqv_lB4zl-NdCWh2sqewzpyH8Lzmw7nrBPiD-8h5qGKZGYzKQ_l_4fEwhakTlUENcD3UqYgYwsubLdjoCenY1nbw&p=10&fvj=0&vjs=3,"We have partnered with a Plano TX client to find a Financial Analyst for a contract to hire position paying up to $80k.This job requires skills as a Financial Analyst and an Investment Accountant. As a Financial Analyst, you will maintain the investment accounting reporting system on behalf of clients in an accurate and consistent fashion. This includes writing and running queries on the database for various purposes, preparing billing for advisory and brokerage clients, preparing, and distributing monthly accounting reports for clients and troubleshooting for errors on accounting reports.  The Ideal Candidate:  Degree in Finance or 3-5 years’ experience in financial services industry Good computer skills and networking experience Understanding of financial and investment markets Proficient in Excel  Preferred Requirements:  Knowledge of trading and settlement of fixed income securities Experience in investment accounting and investment accounting software Ability to communicate effectively with clients and co-workers  What You Will Be Doing:  Trade input into investment accounting system for advisory and brokerage services Provide investment accounting reports for advisory and brokerage clients. Maintain investment accounting system for advisory and brokerage services; rates/factors/yields, market prices, prepayment types and speeds, accounting methods, exception reports. BondEdge Administrator for Investment Services Department; upload portfolios, model bonds, run reports. Prepare billing for advisory and ALM departments  Non-Essential Duties and Responsibilities:  Back-up for security safekeeping duties. Respond to credit union calls when needed; advisory, safekeeping, investment accounting. Maintain statistical data for advisory services. Research requests from credit unions regarding payments, settlements, and accounting reports. Coordinate required SEC compliance for advisory service. Perform portfolio analysis for credit unions. Maintain various investment services agreements.  Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled  To read our Candidate Privacy Information Statement, which explains how we will use your information, please navigate to https://www.accountingprincipals.com/candidate-privacy  The Company will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records"
415,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9b953fb8bcf11978&fccid=9b9ff57a140c263a&vjs=3,"Financial Analyst Dallas, TX, USA Req #1272  Thursday, June 24, 2021 At Briggs Equipment, our employees and our culture are just as important to the company as serving our customers. We believe our employees are the key to our success. We pride ourselves in hiring the highest quality people, placing emphasis on safety, ethics, integrity and respect.  We are an ESOP company. And we give thoughtful consideration to making investments. We realize the decisions we make about investments and operating practices ultimately affect the lives of our co-workers, families and business partners. And like those who went before us, every one of us takes that responsibility seriously. Our Mission Statement “Passionate people, powerful solutions, rapidly delivering the equipment and services to move people and materials.” Our Vision Achieving flawless execution of Safety First, Financial Performance, and Dealer Excellence through the commitment of our employees. Our Values Integrity Family Fun Success  Simply stated, Briggs employees strive to do the right thing by exceeding the expectations of each other, our customers and our community. POSITION PURPOSE:  The Financial Analyst is responsible for supporting a broad range of financial support to the growth and effective management of the company. This role will assist in financial analysis, budgeting, forecasting, and reporting for all company departments. The role requires the ability to work effectively under tight deadlines, attention to detail, and provide accurate, high quality financial analyses. Ensures Briggs Equipment standards are adhered to and executed consistent with company direction.  PRINCIPAL RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:  1. Provide clear, accurate, and timely monthly performance analysis and reporting by creating requested reports as well as suggesting reports that would enhance decision making for the business units and company  2. Utilize Power BI and other reporting tools to design and implement dashboards and other aids to facilitate user-generated reports  3. Conduct analyses and reporting for corporate functions including monthly financial analysis, reforecasting, variance analysis, pipeline analysis, and graphical summaries of business unit financial performance  4. Coordinate financial and operating metrics across the company to communicate performance results quickly and effectively  5. Assist the Financial Planning & Analysis (FP&A) Manager in planning and forecasting as part of annual corporate-wide budgeting processes  6. Perform periodic and ad hoc financial data analysis, queries, reconciliations, and reports as needed from the company’s senior management or to satisfy external client and audit requests  7. Assist with the month-end close process, including journal entries and account reconciliations  8. Perform other related duties as assigned  MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS  Basic Knowledge & Competencies:  • High proficiency in MS excel (e.g., formulas, pivot tables, tables and graph production), MS PowerPoint, and Power BI  • Excellent written and verbal communication skills  • Ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment and work under tight deadlines  • Strong attention to details and high level of accuracy  • Ability to influence and work in a support role  • Ability to work independently without close supervision  • Strong analytical skills, root cause analysis, and problem-solving skills  Previous Experience/Education:  • Bachelor’s degree in Finance or Accounting required  • 3+ years of experience in financial planning and analysis required  PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS  • Working conditions are normal for an office environment  • Frequent use of hands to manipulate the keyboard, telephone, files and other equipment  • Ability to lift up to 25 pounds  Other details Pay Type Salary"
416,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=520c3c43cc4b8147&fccid=3ba5a058188ad02f&vjs=3,"This position will play a critical role within the Corporate Finance team by providing reporting and analytical support leading the monthly / quarterly planning and reporting cycles acting as a Finance Business Partner to G&A Leaders including Finance, Legal and IT. The Corporate Finance department is a highly collaborative group that encourages team members to take on new responsibilities and promotes continuous learning. Responsibilities: Perform and provide FP&A related work including budgeting, forecasting, modeling, and more for G&A leadership Provide and manage monthly financial reporting Provide support on ad-hoc projects and strategic analyses Understand key efficiency & productivity metrics that drive the business Design and run efficient processes, build consensus across finance teams as well as other cross functional teams Background: Bachelor’s degree in Accounting or Finance 3+ years of FP&A Advance systems and ERP experience Strong business partnership and executive communication skills #LI-DW1 Infinera is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, status as a protected veteran, or status as a qualified individual with disability. EEO Employer/Vet/Disabled."
417,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1b5fe386f9f1384c&fccid=e02f55b36e7efb4c&vjs=3,"Physicians Surgical Network Affiliates are looking for Senior Financial Planning Analyst to join our team. PSN Affiliates, manages surgical hospitals and surgery centers throughout Texas and is looking for talented professionals to partner with to give superior patient care. Minimum RequirementsBachelor's degree or the equivalent years of experience.Excel base: needs to be strong in (V-lookups, macros, pivots)-Understand P&L with understanding of how income statement/balance sheet are linked together. Compensation and Benefits: *COMPETITIVE HOURLY RATE *VISION *401K *MEDICAL *PTO Accrued *DENTAL  Position Summary The Financial Planning Analyst is responsible for the financial analysis, planning, forecasting, and reporting needs of the assigned business unit(s). Position ResponsibilitiesStrong modeling experience and building from scratch is required.Will be over entire budget process and will be responsible for cash forecasts.Build budgets from scratch/model.Lead process with building budget-create a plan and have the ability to work cross functionally with other teams.Will work closely with different stakeholders.Cash forecasting and monthly operations review-variance analysis.Will serve as backup for revenue cycle- will work with large amounts of data.Ensures timely, accurate and complete billing of various revenue lines.Check customer files in accordance with established procedures and produces timely client specific invoices for processing.Documents and logs any revenue opportunities and errors captured during the billing review process and ensures approval is received for any price and/or service deviations.For contracted billing, routes invoice draft and works with sales and operations to ensure that the invoice draft is accurate and confirmed/approved.Interfaces with personnel, sales, clients, vendors, operations, and other internal colleagues to compile accurate billing records and effectively solicit timely information for billing completeness.Creates, maintains, completes and ensures full record keeping per company policy.For ad-hoc billing requests, ensures the revised invoices are prepared in line with all invoicing standards, aligns to the AR balances, and are re-issued with specific instructions on their use to the requestors.Performs duties in compliance with company policies and procedures.Assists with special projects and integration efforts as directed.All other duties as assigned. *****PSN AFFILIATES PROVIDES SERVICES THROUGHOUT THE TEXAS AREA TO INCLUDE BUT NOT LIMITED TO EL PASO, SAN ANTONIO, AUSTIN, PLANO, CARROLLTON, AND FRISCO ***** PSN Affiliates and Legent Health Care participates in the E-Verify program. Follow the link below for additional information. E-Verify: http://www.uscis.gov/e-verify"
418,Dallas,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=61b4718f3fa05e3d&fccid=677ba8513aecf8d9&vjs=3,
419,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BIM7i6SSfygQbYGcUXbhnp1bcy7xNDSIJiKzfN4RnSSj5LRmmUgArsNJXCjoZq7-2dOp6T9VjBCkFPwJ7Ks_m6nGLKAutdL8k4L_i28U7Z5bSpEYEUZVdzJDvSroXbC-_uhbt21G55pWMLsxL6LlM3c2JzaQdpJbWdOk3497AUXmq4S8K7-2vfLIoBi3W4J4Y7uIQCxdZyyGCAOVnUBrQUr5g1WxeUky4IaBEW_qpY5f6Hwv68qMNu1ZISwEddUQc8aFWWW0lJLta-uoX-CGMtfmsIogVj4Oey0QokaOhyleitkfj1foAdzVFgTxc0FYONSGN5qslxnmoOIM6UzqRa3f4Opgvlm7Oua5lXNYBrvUJw6p6fyZidHs3baBIm0rJenWVMb05ZPYlWtuUFp_R8e4PA3BJRUZkoQIhDRHdx7rMmTbDoMVH7yLUX_YjuA8IfqdvydT-LxlH83oF1r2bl7zJXEmbI2eHP0h_BM6o1u6Y-tngloZbU6EaapKvYm2gke2lNHq8G4KLWKBdanGAuwQ4hisLrBosrWY1mFnw7oICNHbSMf8Nq52HMOC34Zqu13uE7RBNYF59k8QW4PFeJgDrDK3hxMazoWYJe6otGqb1rjFSzirPmqwBWNCzRNalXF9L-bkYfZhocTA4qa8hAWl3YX756RM8=&p=0&fvj=1&vjs=3,"Financial Analyst - ALM & Budget - Req. #3371San JosePosition SummaryPerforms financial reporting and analysis, maintain routine Finance & Treasury functions. Assists working on financial reporting efficiency improvement.Performs ALM modeling, budget and forecast projection, assist with liquidity management, back up routine financial reporting and analysis.Essential Duties and ResponsibilitiesPerform modeling of balance sheet strategy and evaluate the impact of the strategies on the net interest income and important financial ratios. Perform balance sheet and NII simulation for quarterly and midyear forecast as well as annual budget projection.ALM modeling including data compilation and uploading data to Profitstar ALM model monthly. Perform reconciliation to ensure data integrity. Research on variance analysis and provide insight to prepare executive summary. Produce ALM packet and report quarterly for ALCO. Facilitate the annual review of ALM related policies.Facilitate with liquidity forecast and monitoring, managing collateral accounts with FHLB, FRB, as well as investment database update. Maintenance of investment files.Being the backup of the following reporting and analysis:Monthly management report (the Board report) and ALCO presentation reports.Rate Volume Reporting and AnalysisOther routine financial reportingsIndependently work on AdHoc Reporting & Projects as needed.Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.Must comply with applicable laws and regulations, including but not limited to, the Bank Secrecy Act, the Patriot Act, and the Office of Foreign Assets Control.Minimum QualificationsA college degreeThree years to five years of similar or related experience, including preparatory experienceKnowledge of GAAP, characteristics of financial assets and liabilities, and basic investment, ALM and statistical analysisFinancial services industry experience a plusAbility to work standard personal computers (including peripheral equipment), intermediate to advanced level of knowledge with Microsoft Office (Excel, Access, and PowerPoint), and data manipulationMust be team oriented, quick learner with great analytical and communications skillsDo you want to be valued as an employee?Employees are Meriwest’s most valuable resource. We provide competitive wages and a supportive environment that promotes career advancement. We also offer an excellent, fully comprehensive benefits program, including:Medical/Dental/Vision on the first day of employment for full-time employeesFree Long Term Care Insurance for employeesTuition Reimbursement/Student Loan Repayment ProgramPension Plan/401KBonus and incentive potentialGenerous Paid Time Off (PTO)/Holiday programCareer growth support and planning programsIn-house fitness centerDiscounts on new Mortgage after 6 months of employmentWe are an EOE. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability or veteran status.To apply please reference Req. #3371Job Type: Full-time"
420,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0AnIhNQh1kFFDusDMWiBzNe6y3Wzc4xi6p2z_9LxJZvHC7Pecjw5VFDwrMtWyIms62wO0N2wf7FPRfYDdVD3VjuSRFzzsEO-ryJD9iQr2pDtWwO_dzyH7G7-cvcsEMgzsgxIAiWfRrbjASgZV7VyHfDuJe-O3jd5Kk6VPSIRUyPCQdzIVz5ScKS-9AI5wPOgSidcnIOiaD4zy4k6rjhJNYhCJF3k-WJMcp-SBU_uL5QIDIJxbYnCk83EEs3V41bsg_Ugq0KDQ-5bD3DWQ-xWhJWbeUMrrdjmDafsv7QtapSPKCez_k5a27TkmX7KHqOWUmu7LyB6r8A8V3u5f5V1z8ufjpIwH3n6yN8c3Om51x8Ukq8Y78qQzG6zYZYRgmj3X2w7fyz-5V6XX-Wf8NgEy94jb4LOpiEMG7hEvzdrqv2DKdcGySlu_bO1VHVBuUZfeL9CnyGrG0M898YUO_Kcv8KxXNZox9zvM_yD7CWtM6C-_gVmXVehRwX&p=1&fvj=1&vjs=3,"Daley’s Drywall is looking for a Financial Analyst who will play an important role in the organization’s fiscal strength and growth. This individual will serve as a part of Daley’s finance team with core responsibilities of monitoring the entire construction portfolio. This individual should have knowledge of construction cost accounting, change management, and revenue recognition. They will be independent and self-motivated thinker, who is not afraid to question the status quo.Duties & Responsibilities:Project Analysis:- Set up cost control meetings with project managers to review project budgets and their forecasts on a monthly basis.- Identify and report project variances, potential overruns, and profit losses to Senior Management.- Review change management process and progress.- Review job costing vs project budget on a code-by-code basis.- Help coordinate and prepare monthly Work in Progress report.Cash Flow Analysis:- Weekly cash flow analysis detailing actual vs forecast.- Analyze Accounts Payable and Receivable Aging to determine short/long term cash obligations.- Manage Labor Compliance to ensure cashflow is not affect by noncompliance.Payroll Analysis:- Periodic audits of timecard vs facial recognition and vehicle/equipment GPS tracking.- Managing of Labor ComplianceCompany Analysis:- Identify trends in financial performances and provide recommendations for improvement.- Assist with company creating and maintaining company budgets and forecasts.- Report company KPIs to management.- Additional tasks and projects as assigned by their superiors.Minimum Experience:- Bachelor’s degree: Business, Economics, Accounting, or Finance.- 3 years in a cost accounting or financial analyst position- Intermediate to Advanced Microsoft ExcelIdeal Candidate:- 4+ years working in the construction industry working with WIP and job costing.- Organized multitasker with strong business acumen.- Strategic thinker- Knowledge of ERP systems and related technologiesReports to the Director of Finance.** All Qualified Candidates will be subject to a Drug Screening and Background Check.Daley's Drywall & Taping, Inc., provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, genetics, sexual orientation or sexual identity. In addition to federal law requirements, Daley's Drywall & Taping, Inc., complies with all applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment.Job Type: Full-timePay: $80,000.00 - $100,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:Accounting: 3 years (Required)Construction Field: 4 years (Preferred)Work Location:One locationCompany's website:www.daleysdrywall.comBenefit Conditions:Waiting period may applyOnly full-time employees eligibleWork Remotely:No"
421,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CGPmckIpKA_lLCATok58tGnGIZHS58Cl9LKSjDdwCccg7Cb-VIes5pwrq7EbhUJAlnvHkQmnJYVi2ElNbUFhS0B8gbsByTdOcc-h1WO4fB3Q1HkT3ekOSm2jmXpWUKp8pwIFRggCvrqOolqVhxTqSzASkuj3lezNh0EHXdC6Jnw7VouPj_AarAa3UfnAUDWNblyxXkV5kOYHxrKw9nYYeosLInBYOxxVviTOz70VdHgNqkKyUkA2hj7h7WbMvTK7Lj4Z8jWYqq6tSY668q2W9l_rAKbarB5GG6lnFEvQlqbr649DVE-FJQ3kp6FCZg_hN30E2zSsWgru_0YsulU0B4O7ksYVLJceRDqFaSRj5XXXvdr1Ak61qZbGkAGTbEDfYqJ35YTQoBwqc3J947OncCj7jAMSUZbGQgcMmJZFItDX6dWKRoEvkFu5WncN8ga6pAk0c3UeP6958E0x1I6wTaQlyKRE9ZBWL6YyBzlOvT_wIVbLlUap9xudqSEp30oEE=&p=2&fvj=1&vjs=3,"Job ID:  JPC - 56544Please update your personal email address and phone number in your resumeRequirements: Key financial business partner to the San Jose Instruments Leadership team, Procurement, Facilities, Engineering. Also, requires close working relationships with the Plant Controllers across the globe.Manage /support the annual budgeting, quarterly forecasting, and ASR for the client business unit.This includes manufacturing variance/absorption, spending, capital, inventory, revaluation, & E&O forecasting.Develop new analyses / financial models to drive management decisions and cost improvement.Drive operational improvements, maintain and improve processes and controls.Business partner with manufacturing sites including:Ensure timely and accurate financial performance reporting / perform month end close activity.Validating production volumes and analyzing leverage.Ensuring that productivity factors are in-line with expectations.Working with Operations and Strategic Sourcing to minimize material inflation.Conducting reviews to ensure staffing and overhead structures are appropriate.Assist / support internal and external audit.Ad hoc support or special projects.Contract length: 6 monthsJob Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $48.00 per hourSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayAbility to commute/relocate:San Jose, CA: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:Accounting: 1 year (Preferred)Microsoft Excel: 1 year (Preferred)Work Remotely:NoSpeak with the employer+91 470-280-7285"
422,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CsARmfH1XNQTa22oGIIJ18FtyAjbQsgfeQZpddTLaeHuFdqitP6DAWJKCwlLWNL2rEv8T3Nk09j4l6_qeSLMzJJBBwIzhyywANpSI5AZqNWY2q5ZEvFCLoPuIzwGDTwJjAfksQlzIqQi2HB269f-RxiNkR70X8Jwiew1Yc3sNWShef7KLR_Ivo2Vu1gkmZprArarZjBlISCjX2Wawkxo2gaIWT1ikDIOMgTP_DdqzndOySdgnkqY6DXAMRz_pk-ryjvEfGjdfyrkNfAHguMcBia6gYFyy071UtZqAlM2qtq0sqh3in-EkqNXhPdT5k0K8txlFMw55NJtezQ8JbxiKh0BnImyuLD9gO9EJS2VH-tjLtEGYpD1BdRFblKq_UwBVdjaBynAPmrcfIFhKWyC1WvrIcR68pLQQABw8JPo2by2Scc0Pwe00u_imp1h20C_sn0KXQvffOxmUQdDGwbKkS6igUSkCcv1za3SZ1M7qop1422zcfOGGholZfGDz1plcStz_6j0YrduHFikhdNKEwbBm5-TdnKS1SvA3XE73aqYUESAfAmnCP8gz_5n0aXB7gMU7m4tyKOgoh7irUVAptgYq1o_Mye0bVw8DgLZxsz4jz0BnY31w_jFKlvfRMWk4xoqczaZUhGfz6-KzDAn_59sCwedwArbxz64twAXx-4HMrpZIyI80vxG6_W19G_00sivseekgDliu-E42WuWTt3MlK7Bqp73tunCe35cmZd4IkFGQ6LMXA0SQwYQQ0PM2xj-HSaUPnygeF55E8JudCDP7sqdvW0G2bu93Ms_8JPCswBj7u-AGZetNeikgGG875vZsbmzGCOVkT0c9u-EEwhWbIoIUSHB4T6PSdOfYwQ6DnV8CPagHBOa2-U8PXtNY=&p=3&fvj=0&vjs=3,"Adecco is currently assisting a local customer in staffing for a Financial Analyst position in the San Jose, CA area. This position will start off remote but you will then have to go into the San Jose office. Contract Position w/Opportunity for full-time Pay: $44.83/hr As a Financial Analyst you will assist with preparation of weekly, monthly and quarterly financial analysis schedules of actual vs. budget variances. Prepare detailed annual financial budget and monthly financial forecasts. Provide financial analysis support to various areas of the company. 5 years of experience is required.  Please include any additional details/requirements to the Job Description above. Be specific with the Job Qualification requirements.  Candidates must meet the minimum requirements outlined.  Minimum Requirements: (""Must have"" Qualifications) 1. Solid financial background that includes budgeting, financial forecasting for fiscal year projections 2. Strong understanding of capital spending 3. Expertise with lease management 4. Expertise with MS Excel and Tableau reporting  Experience: 1. Previous infrastructure and platform services related experience 2. Basic understanding of Compute, Storage and Platform / Software technologies  Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled  To read our Candidate Privacy Information Statement, which explains how we will use your information, please navigate to https://www.adeccousa.com/candidate-privacy  The Company will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records"
423,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=c8918a3a3ae9a87b&fccid=f89deb5a97c7738a&vjs=3,"Our Company   Changing the world through digital experiences is what Adobe’s all about. We give everyone—from emerging artists to global brands—everything they need to design and deliver exceptional digital experiences! We’re passionate about empowering people to create beautiful and powerful images, videos, and apps, and transform how companies interact with customers across every screen.   We’re on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to creating exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal opportunity. We realize that new ideas can come from everywhere in the organization, and we know the next big idea could be yours!  We are looking for a Financial Analyst to join our team! The Opportunity This is an exciting opportunity to join the Digital Experience Finance team as we continue to propel the business through data-driven forecasts and provide influential insights. This individual will lead a wide range of activities in support of business decisions and management reporting. You will partner closely with senior level business and finance leaders to work through all aspects of financial planning and reporting. In this role, you will develop and streamline consistent processes, own the consolidation process for a P&L, and be a contributor on various projects and initiatives. Together, we will improve reporting across a worldwide organization and help the business increase profitability! What you will do Provide strategic and tactical support to ensure timely and accurate forecasting and reporting of bookings, revenue, expense, and headcount. Design, implement and maintain business metrics to measure performance against operational goals, identify emerging trends and provide insights and recommendations to drive business growth & results. Prepare and contribute to executive presentations, telling the story of business performance, utilizing high impact visuals, with compelling insights. Engage with Finance, Strategy, and Operations teams to understand drivers in business models. Lead projects to drive automation and operational improvement, reducing time to deliver, while improving accuracy Build financial models, run scenario analysis and provide data analytics to identify areas of risk and opportunity. What you need to succeed 1-3 years of finance experience (preferred software industry). Positive demeanor, collaborative, and comfortable in a fluid environment that changes as the business evolves. Highly motivated self-starter who is passionate about continuous improvements. Strong analytical and interpersonal skills, ability to identify and articulate key business and financial implications. High attention to details with excellent organizational skills and ability to take charge, set objectives, drive to results; team oriented. Aptitude to learn and use technology solutions. Advanced Excel skills are essential. Preferred skills: Tableau, PBI, SAP, TM1, Alteryx. Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Accounting or Economics. Pursuant to the Colorado Fair Pay Act, below is a summary of compensation elements for this role at the company if based in Colorado. Colorado Starting Salary: $74,300 - $96,500 At Adobe, for sales roles starting salaries are expressed as total target compensation (TTC = base + commission), and short-term incentives are in the form of sales commission plans. Non-sales roles starting salaries are expressed as base salary and short-term incentives are in the form of the Annual Incentive Plan (AIP). In addition, certain roles may be eligible for long-term incentives in the form of a new hire equity award."
424,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0C9y6bgwRgraZ6DCqLGz7lyFa1Rz6J1s_XjIxM5E2fSOEBv-rqkeS1ZkvG4nRsX856yOPvOYhMKWYJA6eTyd6fP60WaE8NIxbPq7XBxOSS8rFyzfsRMuv4LRiOLjhk0iKz56G0kk1QgLhghqize9ZIF8TfqKf-WWbjvALDDGREeF75Shv0Tgela4DwnRXct-yJmE-uHaH_Wqp2PYEkmi9G5qV214RMKqAaL52xhN0gtIq1wr58wICangkRFOAp7sefvrSXahDKjoLx7yjdnc575s4RoXhjk5xfG_ayMNWOOB5_I_AauvtrbmksV03JXIcR86KDslmsGO42y9WZhN-SkyYLYufloljuK9vaVodmkDeBY9R-u0kGKuNGAeZHGT2daisFjlzbRsNc9tlGhpFKqhnq-GUnVVKwmTnyJAQCfeGULeTyF7GYPns3cEzRTfsTcCpat5nesT-79rozZ-ynni-fwIF9J8Qvj5u0VuBS8DBYr9-rToFtq&p=5&fvj=1&vjs=3,"We are looking for an experienced Senior Financial Analyst to forecast revenues and expenditures and advise us on future budgeting. For this role, you should hold a degree in Finance or Accounting (ideally with a CFA certification) followed by relevant work experience. Knowledge of forecasting models and cost accounting processes are key requirements for this position. You will explore investment options and set company-wide financial policies. Ultimately, you will ensure our financial planning is healthy and profitable and aligns with business objectives.ResponsibilitiesDevelop financial models through benchmarking and process analysisForecast quarterly and annual profitsPrepare cost projectionsAnalyze and report on current financial statusConduct thorough research of historical financial dataExplore investment options and present risk and opportunitiesCoordinate with the CFO and the executive team on long-term financial planningCompare anticipated and actual results and identify areas of improvementParticipate in budgeting (for departments and projects)Review accounting transactions for data accuracyEstablish financial policiesMaintain confidentiality of financial information and investment decisionsSkillsProven work experience as a Senior Financial Analyst, Financial Analyst or similar roleHands-on experience with financial and statistical softwareExpertise in MS Excel (creating spreadsheets and using advanced formulas)Familiarity with finance databasesUnderstanding of Enterprise Resource Planning systems (ERP)Up-to-date with accounting laws and regulationsExcellent analytical skillsAbility to present financial data using detailed reports and chartsDemonstrable strategic thinking skillsConfidentiality in handling sensitive financial informationBS degree in Finance, Accounting or EconomicsExperience with Anaplan highly preferredJob Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $55.00 - $65.00 per hourSchedule:8 hour shiftAbility to commute/relocate:Fremont, CA: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Corporate finance: 4 years (Preferred)Microsoft Excel: 4 years (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No"
425,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0C9NbM5eTIyBy5lsQEfjp0LiR4ZnSOO0g4plUqowSZMmwKNhg9sK_ssyMkRY9ssskwHGm5KlfxSU-3hiXHr85iwMWHeGyjPC2R5lmcqKhmFHDSiB9g_GfnbN95_tFNYFoK7qnECCyyaiopvbSARVNqaPUyrG04fzhACFuptINg09thIXVa83-asgifKJFK4xEc-A0BVnaaVCGDChT_TewFg3XNt2MC0ddTsWkhHKhnqjQH0y3LGKPgv1Z8LzV7atna0ANpV0hzHbMXcLTTQurIJ9qM_vLQ5IrsLxOSRB9b64PX2147MfkBUaUobiZPwD5hFIKmZVz8XnPfWmUqd4r6EGhZzLXjN3VmspgymJIvco74FP3g_oJPeYKsSyTrFAeMvWcCDjPmPprAMyVPDz01jTXYQRDwAkVNTAbUWxTfOiqoU1PrhoABL3E8-QVeagqk4-2e7SkhnhQ2dklgoXBvuKBSu7QugKNH-KyLK0JiWAFHvVnZZcuQBjNZePVBtHW4=&p=6&fvj=1&vjs=3,"Job DescriptionJob Title: Financial AnalystLocation:  San Jose California USA 95131Duration: 9+ Months ContractDescription: Key financial business partner to the San Jose Instruments Leadership team, Procurement, Facilities, Engineering. Also, requires close working relationships with the Plant Controllers across the globe.Manage /support the annual budgeting, quarterly forecasting, and ASR for the business unit. This includes manufacturing variance/absorption, spending, capital, inventory, revaluation, & E&O forecasting.Develop new analyses / financial models to drive management decisions and cost improvementDrive operational improvements, maintain and improve processes and controlsBusiness partner with manufacturing sites including:Ensure timely and accurate financial performance reporting / perform month-end close activityValidating production volumes and analyzing leverageEnsuring that productivity factors are in-line with expectationsWorking with Operations and Strategic Sourcing to minimize material inflationConducting reviews to ensure staffing and overhead structures are appropriateAssist/support internal and external audits.Ad hoc support or special projectsContract length: 9 monthsJob Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $40.00 - $44.00 per hourSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Finance: 1 year (Preferred)Financial Analysis: 1 year (Preferred)Work Remotely:No"
426,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=072b4d1b2137597f&fccid=48ecd526e3aa3225&vjs=3,
427,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=90a8c5492941e7ef&fccid=9d4dbca3ed8b9cdf&vjs=3,"Are you looking for a profitable and growing company with a great culture and reputation? Stryker has 40 consecutive years of sales growth and was recently named the #5 Best Workplace in the WORLD by Fortune! You’ll have many opportunities to learn and grow and one of the ways we support your development is through our tuition reimbursement benefit – which is $15,000 per year! Stryker Neurovascular is hiring a Financial Analyst! What you will do Gathers financial data and presents financial analysis and reporting as necessary (monthly and quarterly). Assists functional team in creating annual budget & long term plan Assists in creating forecast and profitability reviews as necessary. Assist in the development of new financial systems which assist the division in controlling its expenses. Performs responsibilities required by the Quality System and other duties as assigned or requested Build Quality into all aspects of their work by maintaining compliance to all quality requirements. What you need Bachelor's degree 1+ years of experience preferred Know someone at Stryker?  Be sure to have them submit you as a referral prior to applying for this position. Learn more about our employee referral program."
428,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=f130bf540ab79994&fccid=a5b4499d9e91a5c6&vjs=3,
429,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=86d142720fa32670&fccid=717b9a69071a1a75&vjs=3,
430,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=c8211987d9920e5c&fccid=1ba7f338730ce720&vjs=3,"Payment Services is looking for an energetic individual who enjoys working across different areas and processes, supporting efforts to improve internal control and compliance, conduct analysis and reporting to support operations and strategy. This individual will be responsible in performing complex finance functions and/or activities requiring advanced knowledge and application of internal policies, external regulations, precedents and systems.  Duties include: Perform and design adhoc analyses of large complex data sets: reconcile complex accounts. Identify and resolve complex issues which may span multiple areas. Construct and assemble data for budgeting and decision making; develop conclusions, and present high level summary of recommendations. May develop annual budget for individual department/unit. Conduct analysis and resolution, and recognize exceptions. Participate in developing solutions that may require policy changes or the development of new processes; maintain broader organizational perspective in decision making. Execute internal control programs established by management, research new regulations, and recommend and implement approved changes. May manage compliance program for area of responsibility, and create complex compliance reports. Develop reports and presentations of complex financial data and metrics for management and third parties. Participate as a member of a project team; support new initiatives. Make decisions determining approach to managing and completing processes. Contribute to unit and organization strategy; assist in the development of change management plans and materials as needed. Develop and maintain desktop procedures and process documentation for area of responsibility. Define requirements, develop and implement complex test cases, perform system testing and analyze results. Participate in critical analysis of existing systems and processes, and identify opportunities for process improvement. Provide consulting advice to client group(s); serve as a resource on matters that require specific technical, financial, or subject matter expertise; support negotiations with external partners. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: Education & Experience: Bachelor’s degree and four years of relevant experience or combination of education and relevant experience.  Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Advanced proficiency in business applications, such as Microsoft Office suite, especially Excel. Demonstrated knowledge of financial systems; internet and computer literacy. Knowledge of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP). Strong communication skills, including ability to prepare materials for and clearly and effectively communicate information to internal and external audiences and client groups. Demonstrated project management skills and ability to contribute to or lead part of a multi-functional team.  HOW TO APPLY: We invite you to apply for this position by clicking on the “Apply Online” link. Please submit an online application, resume, and cover letter.  WHY STANFORD IS FOR YOU: We provide market competitive salaries, excellent health care and retirement plans, and a generous vacation policy, including additional time off during our winter closure. Our unique perks align with what matters to you: Freedom to grow. As one of the greatest intellectual hubs in the world, take advantage of development programs, tuition reimbursement plus $800 you receive annually towards skill-building classes, or audit a Stanford course. Join a TedTalk, film screening, or listen to a renowned author or leader discuss global issues. A caring culture. We understand the importance of your personal and family time and provide you access to wellness programs, child-care resources, parent education and consultation, elder care and caregiving support. A healthier you. We make wellness a priority by providing access to world-class exercise facilities. Climb our rock wall, or participate in one of hundreds of health or fitness classes. Discovery and fun. Stroll through historic sculptures, trails, and museums. Create an avatar and participate in virtual reality adventures or join one with fellow staff on Stanford vacations! Enviable resources. We offer free commuter programs and ridesharing incentives. Enjoy discounts for computing, cell phones, outdoor recreation, travel, entertainment, and more!  We pride ourselves in being a culture that encourages and empowers you.  The job duties listed are typical examples of work performed by positions in this job classification and are not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, tasks, and responsibilities. Specific duties and responsibilities may vary depending on department or program needs without changing the general nature and scope of the job or level of responsibility. Employees may also perform other duties as assigned.  Consistent with its obligations under the law, the University will provide reasonable accommodation to any employee with a disability who requires accommodation to perform the essential functions of his or her job.  Stanford is an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.  Stanford University’s commitment to safely and effectively meet the public health challenge presented by COVID-19 extends to ensuring University employees may work from home, or another off-site location, where determined appropriate, whenever necessary through the end of August 2021. The department will give reasonable notice when employees are expected to return to work at the Redwood City campus"
431,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8b12421b6815ddbd&fccid=a5b4499d9e91a5c6&vjs=3,
432,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=d761d13d5aaa22ed&fccid=77cec2f25f9bd7ed&vjs=3,
433,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0C9y6bgwRgraZ6DCqLGz7lyFa1Rz6J1s_XjIxM5E2fSOEBv-rqkeS1ZkvG4nRsX856yOPvOYhMKWYJA6eTyd6fP60WaE8NIxbPq7XBxOSS8rFyzfsRMuv4LRiOLjhk0iKz56G0kk1QgLhghqize9ZIF8TfqKf-WWbjvALDDGREeF75Shv0TgelakEQVWPvu9rP952rYWjRUcdUu4yaBFDYokE1Y12DTePgE8EMRZcl0E_i6bnH2qDOFZfI_GpFdYUB9m7hj9Mo8uhPEOKaEnaRK3ajY6GvDoL9zcS4MXh_PJ34k8bI5wnltJrR4uzxHhAbJvuYsF3Zl-zcqNSQjUq30wFrZ6GIvHu-I63FV_hg6b-GSo-v7drAqCut3_nseSJKFqvXfxZZCxU10ad5dxwY25capTeV4-71k12nfOfBih1Ig4P6QCbV0k2N-j7rITQ55RKTeYiMVUYuzGl3WaPrQe84bZf8uZogDqtohvDDUQXnrQq51mwNg&p=0&fvj=1&vjs=3,"We are looking for an experienced Senior Financial Analyst to forecast revenues and expenditures and advise us on future budgeting. For this role, you should hold a degree in Finance or Accounting (ideally with a CFA certification) followed by relevant work experience. Knowledge of forecasting models and cost accounting processes are key requirements for this position. You will explore investment options and set company-wide financial policies. Ultimately, you will ensure our financial planning is healthy and profitable and aligns with business objectives.ResponsibilitiesDevelop financial models through benchmarking and process analysisForecast quarterly and annual profitsPrepare cost projectionsAnalyze and report on current financial statusConduct thorough research of historical financial dataExplore investment options and present risk and opportunitiesCoordinate with the CFO and the executive team on long-term financial planningCompare anticipated and actual results and identify areas of improvementParticipate in budgeting (for departments and projects)Review accounting transactions for data accuracyEstablish financial policiesMaintain confidentiality of financial information and investment decisionsSkillsProven work experience as a Senior Financial Analyst, Financial Analyst or similar roleHands-on experience with financial and statistical softwareExpertise in MS Excel (creating spreadsheets and using advanced formulas)Familiarity with finance databasesUnderstanding of Enterprise Resource Planning systems (ERP)Up-to-date with accounting laws and regulationsExcellent analytical skillsAbility to present financial data using detailed reports and chartsDemonstrable strategic thinking skillsConfidentiality in handling sensitive financial informationBS degree in Finance, Accounting or EconomicsExperience with Anaplan highly preferredJob Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $55.00 - $65.00 per hourSchedule:8 hour shiftAbility to commute/relocate:Fremont, CA: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Corporate finance: 4 years (Preferred)Microsoft Excel: 4 years (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No"
434,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=3ca2fc9f05380866&fccid=0eb85033430d56ae&vjs=3,"Position Summary:  The Financial Analyst II provides systemwide financial information and analytical support to Hospital and off-site facilities, and senior management for decision making. The position requires strong working relationships with senior leadership and other members of the Financial Planning and Analysis Staff.  Education: Bachelors in Accounting or Finance. MBA or CPA preferred.  Experience: Three to five years of accounting or financial-related experience. Minimum two to three years of healthcare related financial experience preferred. Some supervisory experience desired.  Must have technical proficiency in accounting. Must have the ability to problem solve, and coordinate workflow with others, communicate effectively with management, utilize investigative techniques, discern new ideas and apply independent thought."
435,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=0bccad3c461ee2a9&fccid=1ba7f338730ce720&vjs=3,"The Stanford Departments of Neurology and Neurosurgery are seeking a Financial Analyst 1 to support the clinical mission of the two academic departments. The scope of the role will encompass clinical operations budgeting, business planning, and financial KPIs. Activities will primarily include analyzing monthly financial data, developing ad hoc analyses, developing presentations, quarterly and year-end financials, and to a secondary degree process improvement work. This position will report to the Associate Director of Finance and will be part of the larger Finance team across two departments. The successful candidate will be highly skilled in excel, competent with tableau, smartsheets, and cloud based information sharing platforms. Experience with Oracle financials is desirable. Experience with provider based healthcare and/or academic finances is highly desirable, but not requisite. Duties include: Perform structured analysis; conduct data mining; identify, clarify, and investigate discrepancies and exceptions; proactively develop solutions and processes. Maintain, reconcile, review, combine, and validate financial data sets and accounts, utilizing financial reports, financial databases, and key financial information. Contribute to development of budget, forecasting, and analyses to be used for key activities or decision making. Run and analyze financial reports, often from multiple systems; assist in preparation of management information reports. Resolve issues within immediate work unit; Perform preliminary analysis, recognize exceptions and recommend solutions that may require policy changes or the development of new processes. Resolve issues within immediate work unit; Perform preliminary analysis, recognize exceptions and recommend solutions that may require policy changes or the development of new processes. Ensure works complies with complex internal policies and external regulations which may require interpretation. Participate as a member of a project team and contribute to change management strategy through communication and collaboration with others. Serve as a first line resource to client groups on matters in work unit.  - Other duties may also be assigned  EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE (REQUIRED): Bachelor’s degree and two years of relevant experience or combination of education and relevant experience.  KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES (REQUIRED): Advanced proficiency in business applications, such as Microsoft Office suite, especially Excel. User knowledge and demonstrated experience of financial systems; internet and computer literacy. Understanding and ability to apply basic accounting skills and concepts. Demonstrated communication skills, including ability to prepare materials for and clearly and effectively communicate information to internal audiences and client groups. Basic project management skills and ability to contribute as part of a project team.  PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS*:  Constantly sitting. Frequently perform desk-based computer tasks, use telephone, writing by hand, sort/file paperwork. Occasionally stand/walk, lift/carry objects weighing 11-20 pounds. Rarely reach/work above shoulder.  - Consistent with its obligations under the law, the University will provide reasonable accommodation to any employee with a disability who requires accommodation to perform the essential functions of his or her job.  WORKING CONDITIONS: Routine extended working hours during peak cycles; travel to school/unit sites across university.  WORK STANDARDS: Interpersonal Skills: Demonstrates the ability to work well with Stanford colleagues and clients and with external organizations. Promote Culture of Safety: Demonstrates commitment to personal responsibility and value for safety; communicates safety concerns; uses and promotes safe behaviors based on training and lessons learned. Subject to and expected to comply with all applicable University policies and procedures, including but not limited to the personnel policies and other policies found in the University's Administrative Guide, http://adminguide.stanford.edu."
436,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0C9NbM5eTIyBy5lsQEfjp0LiR4ZnSOO0g4plUqowSZMmwKNhg9sK_ssyMkRY9ssskwHGm5KlfxSU-3hiXHr85iwMWHeGyjPC2R5lmcqKhmFHDSiB9g_GfnbN95_tFNYFoK7qnECCyyaiopvbSARVNqaPUyrG04fzhACFuptINg09thIXVa83-asof_NSPlo_1NYOMTAPhMVwUCgGf-pSsC6t7E7nxV8V71iERnqi9KJfQmEfuhe2T-9oHzGO5MRUQh7GBnSEVx9b9ZBfejdECU9iQit6kWv2e4yD4V18F4Dy_232HFsqE99W7o-hi6-1kozcCe_392K-Dqt56GIgU1rgBVbSf-BrJuys_nIihsICNcT0GRE1zaLdYemJvakRfccfUnMCt6Q8DXluSxpYKNcLfGDdjU7AKBE-HVEEM-ToALPivGqae4iaSQ6VeBss4L8UjwJqr5bAsZsz0DQms7Ogj-oi1Zz0HDMEfnnuniUOYqwgquL-USUYR_iDwKXj1A=&p=5&fvj=1&vjs=3,"Job DescriptionJob Title: Financial AnalystLocation:  San Jose California USA 95131Duration: 9+ Months ContractDescription: Key financial business partner to the San Jose Instruments Leadership team, Procurement, Facilities, Engineering. Also, requires close working relationships with the Plant Controllers across the globe.Manage /support the annual budgeting, quarterly forecasting, and ASR for the business unit. This includes manufacturing variance/absorption, spending, capital, inventory, revaluation, & E&O forecasting.Develop new analyses / financial models to drive management decisions and cost improvementDrive operational improvements, maintain and improve processes and controlsBusiness partner with manufacturing sites including:Ensure timely and accurate financial performance reporting / perform month-end close activityValidating production volumes and analyzing leverageEnsuring that productivity factors are in-line with expectationsWorking with Operations and Strategic Sourcing to minimize material inflationConducting reviews to ensure staffing and overhead structures are appropriateAssist/support internal and external audits.Ad hoc support or special projectsContract length: 9 monthsJob Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $40.00 - $44.00 per hourSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Finance: 1 year (Preferred)Financial Analysis: 1 year (Preferred)Work Remotely:No"
437,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=45017cb119f3e699&fccid=c1099851e9794854&vjs=3,
438,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=6157ade0ba7b32a8&fccid=c1ee211a89cc3f56&vjs=3,"Your Impact & Responsibilities Provide financial reporting support and oversight to functional organizations including North America Sales, Latin America Sales, US Finance and Facilities Support senior management decision-making process by performing financial analysis Own major components of all financial processes of the company (annual AOP, budget planning, forecasting, monitoring of performance) Manage the process and prepare the monthly and quarterly forecasting and analysis package Expense management and reporting Developing and monitoring performance metrics  Your Knowledge & Skills B.S. Degree in Finance, Economics or Accounting; previous software experience an advantage Excellent Communication skill: oral, written, and presentation Strong analysis, data mining and modeling skills Advance Excel user Detail-oriented, fast learner with strong execution drive Must be eligible to work in the US without sponsorship from an employer now or in the future    EOE M/F/Veterans/Disabled"
439,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ec71bce5100fc5e1&fccid=a5b4499d9e91a5c6&vjs=3,
440,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=cd7f67e91ba469df&fccid=7442885bc0fa7c14&vjs=3," ServiceNow is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin or nationality, ancestry, age, disability, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status or any other category protected by law. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact us at +1 (408) 501-8550, or [email protected] for assistance. For positions requiring access to technical data subject to export control regulations, including Export Administration Regulations (EAR), ServiceNow may have to obtain export licensing approval from the U.S. Government for certain individuals. All employment is contingent upon ServiceNow obtaining any export license or other approval that may be required by the U.S. Government."
441,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=72a891aacda6e06a&fccid=c1099851e9794854&vjs=3,"Summary Posted: Jul 27, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200267855 Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Do you love thinking analytically? Are you passionate about using your financial knowledge to navigate complex challenges? Just as our customers find value in Apple products, the Finance group finds value for both Apple and its shareholders. As part of this group, you’ll play an integral role in ensuring our day-to-day financial health. You and your team will support Apple’s growth, both top and bottom line, by applying the same level of innovation toward financial matters as we do toward our products and services. You’ll also collaborate with Apple teams across the world to develop more effective investment strategies and risk management. Finance is essential to upholding our global commitment to excellence, and it is directly responsible for shaping the company’s future. Join us, and you’ll have a meaningful role in continuing Apple’s legacy of efficiency and success. Based in Cupertino, the People Finance team acts as the primary global finance partner for Apple Retail around the world. The team works closely with field leaders and corporate partners to ensure our stores have the resources to enrich the lives of Apple customers and employees worldwide. Key Qualifications 3-5 years of relevant experience in a high performance and high growth organization Demonstrated ability to collaborate cross-functionally at all levels of an organization Think both analytically and creatively with an eye for continuous process improvement Strong organizational skills and extreme attention to detail and data accuracy Ability to manage multiple priorities and thrive in a demanding and fast-paced environment Be an intellectually curious self-starter Advanced proficiency in MS Excel Experience in Tableau or similar BI dashboard visualization tool preferred Strong presentation software (e.g. Keynote) skills and storytelling experience Description Primary responsibilities will include: Analyzing operational and financial aspects of resource investment to optimize our global staffing strategy modelling Communicating resource investment methodology, rationale, and financial impact to a diverse audience Design, develop, and deliver insightful reporting and dashboards to drive financial and operational excellence Collaborating with and influence cross-functional business partners to identify and solve operational challenges Conducting ad hoc analysis in support of Retail, Strategy, Operations, Finance, and field leadership teams Education & Experience Bachelor's degree in Finance, Accounting, Economics, or other related field MBA a plus"
442,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=3f4eb740a432021a&fccid=a5b4499d9e91a5c6&vjs=3,
443,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=abb8f962d8a74469&fccid=86e9be6ce380173e&vjs=3,"Tesla Finance combines traditional financial planning and analysis with broader business decision- making and strategy. Finance is embedded in daily operations, supporting both near-term execution and long-term planning. Team members are expected to analyze data, provide recommendations, and lead cross-functional decision-making and implementation of the recommendations with the relevant executives/teams throughout the company. ResponsibilitiesAnalyzing key performance indicators, cost of sales, operating expenses and capital expenditures (includes developing financial models and decision-making tools)Providing strategic insights and conclusions based on this analysis, including writing build plans for factories or setting global pricing for our productsGuiding planning and resource management (e.g. headcount, investment approvals, etc.)Identifying initiatives for improvement of Tesla’s financial outlook, including developing, tracking, and executing product development activities and assisting with performance vs. cost tradeoffs throughout the product lifecycle RequirementsMBA or Bachelor's Degree in Business, Economics and/or equivalent professional experience (Finance, Accounting, Engineering and other technical degrees are a plus)A robust analytical skill-set or excellent modeling skillsAbility to work independently, detail-oriented, and execution focusedStrong verbal, written and presentation skillsHighly collaborative, team oriented, and comfortable leading cross-functional projects Team Descriptions Tesla Finance has five subgroups: Corporate Finance, Energy Finance, Engineering Finance, Manufacturing Finance, and Sales, Marketing and Service (SMS) Finance. We encourage rotation for high performers. Energy Products Finance works with Energy Storage and Solar to:Develop financial projections and track actual financial performance for both existing and new business models for Storage/Solar Deployment, Installation, and ServicesLead pricing for Energy Products, including installation and services, and business planning for global retail, service and sales enablementDrive cost optimization in product development for future products with a focus on establishment new markets/novel applications of our storage/solar technologies Engineering Finance works with Supply Chain and Engineering to:Drive R&D investments and prioritize resources for R&D projects with the highest return on investment.Approve proposed investments based on analysis of technology optionsDrive product development by analyzing cost vs. performance tradeoffs for new featuresSet product cost targets, and collaborate on product improvements, cost reductions, and proposed sourcing from the Engineering / Supply Chain teams in pursuit of cost targets.Track and proactively manage profit improvement/cost reduction efforts of existing products to ensure lower-priced vehicles in pursuit of our corporate mission Manufacturing Finance (Fremont, CA; Sparks, NV; Shanghai, China; Berlin, Germany) works with Manufacturing, Manufacturing Engineering, Quality, and Supply Chain to:Lead manufacturing cost improvement and investment management for Model S, X, 3, Y and energy productsEvaluate business cases to inform automation, manufacturing scope, and manufacturing location decisions; provide feedback on estimated costs for future programs in developmentSet build plans and capacity planning for all manufacturing plants in the near- and long-term Corporate Finance works with Tesla leadership to:Lead Tesla’s corporate forecast process: o Own the company’s overall income statement, balance sheet and cash flow forecast, consolidating inputs from across the broader finance organization o Analyze the impact of proposed business decisions on Tesla’s financial health o Summarize takeaways for review with Tesla’s executive team and Board of DirectorsDevelop and track cross-company efforts to improve gross margin and cash flowLead long term planning for Tesla, including new products/capabilities, and capital needsWork with business partners to optimize G&A spending/investments Sales Finance works with Sales, Marketing and Delivery teams to:Drive quarterly business planning and expansion of global retail and sales footprintEvaluate go-to-market strategy for new market/product launchesLead pricing efforts for all vehicle products (Model S/3/X/Y and options) and new market entryManage sales P&Ls at the global, regional, country, and location levels and identify risks/opportunities to profitability"
444,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=887ff29aa01adbf5&fccid=c1099851e9794854&vjs=3,"Summary Posted: Jul 30, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200272312 Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Do you love thinking analytically? Are you passionate about using your financial knowledge to navigate complex challenges? Just as our customers find value in Apple products, the Finance group finds value for both Apple and its shareholders. As part of this group, you’ll play an integral role in ensuring our day-to-day financial health. You and your team will support Apple’s growth, both top and bottom line, by applying the same level of innovation toward financial matters as we do toward our products and services. You’ll also collaborate with Apple teams across the world to develop more effective investment strategies and risk management. Finance is essential to upholding our global dedication to excellence, and it is directly responsible for shaping the company’s future. Join us, and you’ll have a substantial role in continuing Apple’s legacy of efficiency and success. Apple is one of the most influential technology leaders in the industry. Be inspired every day as part of the world’s most successful global retailer. Apple is seeking a Financial Analyst to support our rapidly evolving Apple Digital Retail team. The ideal candidate is one who has been a top performer, with personal accountability, partnership, excellence, and proactive thinking. This team is a key finance partner across Apple Digital Retail’s Online Store and Apple Store App platforms, Digital Marketing, Merchandising and Publishing. You will directly support Apple Digital Retail’s Demand Generation activities (SEO, SEM, Digital Affiliates). Key Qualifications 3+ years relevant finance experience in a high performance organization Hands-on financial experience performing modeling, forecasting, reporting and analysis Demonstrated success in financial process improvement Self-starter who anticipates business needs and thinks proactively Excellent oral and written communication and presentation skills Be able to build consensus among cross-functional teams Ability to learn quickly and thrive in a hardworking, collaborative environment Strong organization skills and flawless attention to detail and data accuracy Advanced proficiency with Excel is required. Familiarity with enterprise software systems (SAP, Business Objects) a plus Description The Apple Digital Retail Finance team supports Retail’s Digital platforms worldwide. This team contributes to the success of Apple by facilitating the planning, establishment, analysis, prioritization and evaluation of complex multidimensional programs. This exciting role seeks to provide quantitative assessment and continuous optimization across digital channels and online marketing initiatives. In partnership with the regional and global business teams, they also develop annual budgets and monthly forecasts, and report financial performance. You will work closely with cross-functional partners to determine key performance indicators, and build models to project and measure performance. This role combines strong corporate finance fundamentals with strong eye for business and relationship management skills. The candidate must be able to simplify and clearly articulate key drivers, results, and important details to business partners and leadership. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE: - Partner with the business to develop forecasts, annual budgets and reporting, while overseeing continual process improvements related to Digital Demand Generation (SEO, SEM, Digital Affiliates) and Digital Retail G&A investments/spend - Develop a deep understanding of your business areas to recommend appropriate investment and run rate metrics to access business performance, inclusive of analytical analysis - Serve as Retail Finance lead for omni-channel and online fulfillment programs (Apple Pickup, Immediate Delivery, Ship-from-Store), including evaluation of promotional activities - Build and conduct analysis and develop and present insights to key functional business partners and leadership - Manage close financial processes for Demand Generation and Digital Retail G&A - Support Finance and Digital Retail organizations in ad hoc projects relating to business initiatives Education & Experience Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Accounting, Economics or Business"
445,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a2cc0da3f2d7adc8&fccid=92ecd2dea78a2bc2&vjs=3,"We are seeking a Financial Analyst to drive the transformation of various commission processes and then oversee going forward. A successful candidate has the mindset of process automation and data analytics to provide quality insights for the business. The role reports into the Director of Technical Accounting.  What You’ll Do (but is not limited to) Be the lead subject matter expert on sales commissions and accounting treatment for contract cost under ASC 606 Partner with Sales Operations and Order-to-Cash process owners to drive the enhancement of sales data integrity to support commission process automation and reporting Manage the computation of commission payout for the sales organization on a monthly basis Manage the reconciliation of commission accounting in compliance with ASC 606 Spearhead the automation and streamlining of end-to-end commission processes and maintain the commission automation software, Xactly Drive the shift to real-time and business-facing analysis to provide more quality insights for strategic decisions on sales compensation plans Partner with Sales Operations to execute compensation plans and address sales team’s inquiries on compensation calculations and statements Own the reseller commission program including reviewing the reseller agreements and computing commission accrual and payouts per agreement on a monthly basis Own the Partner royalty program including royalty payout review and reporting Your Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Accounting or Finance Experience with sales compensation management software Xactly is required; experience with SFDC, NetSuite, Database is a plus Superior working knowledge and experience with Microsoft Excel is a must Bonus Skills Adaptability: Being able to establish appropriate priorities and switch gears in a high-paced environment and apply themselves to learning new technologies and adopting new ideas Interpersonal skills: Having the intuition to identify and collaborate with appropriate stakeholders for various matters Communication: Strong verbal and written communication skills including understanding how to tailor messages towards different audiences and conveying the objective clearly Growth mindset: Welcome both positive and constructive feedback for continuous growth Problem solving: An analytical problem solver exercising common sense and practical solutions orientation Innovations: Think outside the box to find the optimal and scalable solution to problems Attention to detail: understand the devil in the details and will take great pride in the deliverables Accountability: A team player who leads by example, holds self-accountable for performance, takes ownership, and champions of new initiatives Our Benefits Competitive salaries Stock Options Comprehensive benefits for you and your family (low premiums and deductibles!) Flexible hours and responsible time off Gym, cell phone, and commute reimbursement Healthy lunches, breakfast, and bottomless snacks and beverages 401(k) Retirement Plan (Traditional and Roth) Employee Assistance Program Perks including discounted pet insurance, theme park tickets, travel, and more! Board Games -you name it, we got it! Take a break and get to know other Egnyters! SoFi online financial services: student loan refinancing, personal loans, and investing FREE Egnyte lifetime membership Equal Opportunity Employment Egnyte is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity at our company. We provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibit discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. About Egnyte In a content critical age, Egnyte fuels business growth by enabling content-rich business processes, while also providing organizations with visibility and control over their content assets. Egnyte’s cloud-native content services platform leverages the industry’s leading content intelligence engine to deliver a simple, secure, and vendor-neutral foundation for managing enterprise content across business applications and storage repositories. More than 16,000 customers trust Egnyte to enhance employee productivity, automate data management, and reduce file-sharing cost and complexity. Investors include Google Ventures, Kleiner Perkins, Caufield & Byers, and Goldman Sachs. For more information, visit www.egnyte.com   #LI-Remote"
446,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=d6977c2aff8385fc&fccid=1ba7f338730ce720&vjs=3,"The Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at Stanford University School of Medicine places high importance on advancing science and integrating our mission with those of clinical innovation and service, educational excellence, community engagement and commitment, and professionalism and leadership development. This approach allows us to change future understanding and practices in our fields of science, the health professions, and society at large. It is an approach that stretches the traditional boundaries of an academic department and acknowledges the interdependent nature of the five missions with which we are entrusted. For us, the vision affirms the diverse activities, past successes, and distinct career paths of our multidisciplinary faculty. It establishes a mindset that will help draw our people together to collaborate and combine efforts that are necessary in moving forward this full academic portfolio. Finally, it is a vision that provides an authentic rationale for growth in a number of critical areas arising in fields from basic science to public policy.  The Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at the Stanford University School of Medicine is seeking a dynamic candidate to fill the role of Clinical Financial Analyst. Reporting to the Sr. Clinical Financial Analyst, the Clinical Financial Analyst will perform complex finance functions and/or activities in support of the Child/Adolescent & Sleep Medicine Clinical Operations. The Clinical Financial Analyst will require advanced knowledge and application of internal policies, external regulations, precedents, and systems. The Clinical Financial Analyst will own, maintain and optimize faculty productivity data, publish regular monthly summary/detail reporting and actively work to resolve detailed productivity issues. The Clinical Financial Analyst will work in conjunction with others to design system solutions, develop financial reporting and solve operational challenges. The Clinical Financial Analyst will, over time, manage key areas of revenue and expense for division. Duties include: Perform and design ad hoc analyses of large complex data sets: reconcile complex accounts. Identify and resolve complex issues which may span multiple areas.Construct and assemble data for budgeting and decision making; develop conclusions, and present high level summary of recommendations. May develop annual budget for individual department/unit.Conduct analysis and resolution, and recognize exceptions. Participate in developing solutions that may require policy changes or the development of new processes; maintain broader organizational perspective in decision making.Execute internal control programs established by management, research new regulations, and recommend and implement approved changes. May manage compliance program for area of responsibility, and create complex compliance reports.Develop reports and presentations of complex financial data and metrics for management and third parties.Participate as a member of a project team; support new initiatives. Make decisions determining approach to managing and completing processes.Contribute to unit and organization strategy; assist in the development of change management plans and materials as needed.Develop and maintain desktop procedures and process documentation for area of responsibility.Define requirements, develop and implement complex test cases, perform system testing and analyze results.Participate in critical analysis of existing systems and processes, and identify opportunities for process improvement.Provide consulting advice to client group(s); serve as a resource on matters that require specific technical, financial, or subject matter expertise; support negotiations with external partners.May supervise, train, coach, and review the work of other staff, as needed. Contribute primarily through applying individual expertise. - Other duties may also be assigned EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE (REQUIRED): Bachelor’s degree and four years of relevant experience or combination of education and relevant experience. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES (REQUIRED): Advanced proficiency in business applications, such as Microsoft Office suite, especially Excel.Demonstrated knowledge of financial systems; internet and computer literacy.Knowledge of GAAP.Strong communication skills, including ability to prepare materials for and clearly and effectively communicate information to internal and external audiences and client groups.Demonstrated project management skills and ability to contribute to or lead part of a multi-functional team. PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS*: Constantly sitting.Frequently perform desk-based computer tasks, use telephone, writing by hand, sort/file paperwork.Occasionally stand/walk, lift/carry objects weighing 11-20 pounds.Rarely reach/work above shoulder. - Consistent with its obligations under the law, the University will provide reasonable accommodation to any employee with a disability who requires accommodation to perform the essential functions of his or her job.  WORKING CONDITIONS: Routine extended working hours during peak cycles; travel to school/unit sites across university."
447,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=115be473d323e2b6&fccid=594d10b1768e6d47&vjs=3,"Prologis is the global leader in logistics real estate. We own, manage and develop high-quality properties in the world’s most vibrant centers of commerce, approximately 990 million square feet in 19 countries. Some of the world’s largest brands (e.g., Amazon, BMW, DHL, FedEx, Pepsi) turn to us because they know an efficient supply chain will make their businesses run better, and a strategic relationship with Prologis will create competitive advantage. As the top ranked U.S. company and sixth overall among the Global 100 Most Sustainable Corporations in the World, we take our global footprint seriously. Job Title: Financial Operations Analyst/Associate Company: Prologis Prologis is looking for an Operations Financial Analyst or Associate to join our multifaceted Operations team. You will have direct accountability and ownership of budgeting, forecasting, processing, planning, analysis and reporting of multiple financial metrics for a portfolio of assets within assigned markets in our growing West Region. If you're looking to make an impact on a Global level, apply today! Position Responsibilities: Budgeting, Forecasting & Reporting Facilitate in the preparation and review of annual operating budgets, forecasts, reporting and monthly variance analysis. Craft collection of leasing assumptions, operating and capital expenses for budgets and forecasts. Prepare quarterly budget and forecast presentations to divisional leadership. Present forecasting, budgeting and reporting results to Market Officer, with a focus on key performance drivers. Provide guidance to Property Management and Leasing Teams on forecasting, budgeting, and reporting systems and processes. Support senior management and cross-functional business partners with timely, accurate and measurable analysis. Track key performance indicators (KPI’s) (i.e., NOI, Same Store Sales, Occupancy, Rent Change, Turnover Costs, Capital Expenditures) and explain variances. Partnering with Accounting to review and understand monthly financial results. Participate in process improvement initiatives. Perform ad-hoc analysis as assigned. Lease Control Provide data stewardship for leasing activity from lease review through data entry, including workflow management and serve as a specialist in the reporting implications of lease transactions. Essential Skills & Experience: Bachelor’s degree preferred with a concentration in Finance, Accounting, Real Estate or Economics. Between 3-5 years of related work or related collegiate course work experience; Budgeting and forecasting experience along with Finance, Accounting, Economics and Real Estate background is a plus. Excellent communication and analytical skills with strong attention to detail. Validated verbal and written communication skills. Advanced Excel modeling skills. Proficient in Word and PowerPoint. Yardi and Tableau experience is a plus. Self-starter – ability to creatively seek new situations in a positive and proactive manner and analyses without heavy direction. Distinguished intellectual curiosity with strong desire to continuously learn, improve, and automate existing processes and tackle problems. Dedicated to delivering a high level of customer service and execute responsibilities with a sense of urgency and follow-through. Shown ability to prioritize and lead multiple assignments in a fast-paced environment with efficiency and accuracy. All full-time roles in the US come with a robust benefits package which includes healthcare, dental, and vision insurance for employees and eligible dependents. Prologis also offers several other wellness, financial, and work/lifestyle-specific benefits. Our 401(k) retirement plan has a company match of 50% up to 12% of eligible compensation. We also offer generous PTO with a starting accrual of 22 days a year in addition to paid holidays and volunteer time. #LI-AN1 People First Each of us working at Prologis plays an essential role in the enduring success of our company. We value people who are decisive, courageous and adaptable. While we are one company, locations and departments operate with autonomy and accountability. Individuals take the initiative here. When you join Prologis, you work shoulder to shoulder with some of the top talent in the industry to do the best work of your career. Every employee belongs. Every employee contributes. Employees advance their careers here. As a successful global enterprise, Prologis has never lost sight of what matters most, our strong belief that our people are the most important part of our business. And because of that, we provide a generous total rewards package and take a lot of time to focus on quality management and leadership development. People come first here. All job offers are contingent upon successful completion of drug screen and background verification. Prologis is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religions, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Employment Type: Full time Location: Fremont, California Additional Locations: Cerritos, California, Los Angeles, California, Ontario, California"
448,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5ed1d20cb7c5b976&fccid=1e9dc60a2424f016&vjs=3,"If you're ready to be part of our legacy of hope and innovation, we encourage you to take the first step and explore our current job openings. Your best is waiting to be discovered. The Financial Analyst develops, prepares and interprets complex financial analyses and reports used by Senior management in decision making. The role requires performing extensive data mining and abstracting of financial and clinical information from various sources. The Analyst prepares the analysis for the support of capital and operating budgeting, business plan development (proforma, retrospective analyses), service line reporting, charge master support, revenue and reimbursement analyses, as well as the ad hoc reporting needs of management. Other ad hoc projects may include data reporting to governmental agencies, completion of surveys, audit preparation and special projects as assigned. Job Summary The Financial Analyst develops, prepares and interprets complex financial analyses and reports used by Senior management in decision making. The role requires performing extensive data mining and abstracting of financial and clinical information from various sources. The Analyst prepares the analysis for the support of capital and operating budgeting, business plan development (proforma, retrospective analyses), service line reporting, charge master support, revenue and reimbursement analyses, as well as the ad hoc reporting needs of management. Other ad hoc projects may include data reporting to governmental agencies, completion of surveys, audit preparation and special projects as assigned. Essential Functions Assists in the preparation of the annual operating and capital budget. Prepares the monthly performance reports and statistical reports for the hospital and its related entities. Prepares bi-weekly productivity reports and reviews results with leadership Prepares financial analyses of proposed new programs or operational changes, retrospectively reviews the performance of new programs, and assists in the development of an annual Strategic Financial Plan. Advises managers on financial planning, analysis and system development. Support managers by modeling financial impacts. Maintains benchmarking tool and works closely with operations and clinical teams in tracking progress against established targets Assists in the development, implementation and management of financial systems, cost accounting systems and/or financial policies and procedures as appropriate. Coordinates and participates in the preparation of various financial reports, business plans and analyses for management. Recommends procedures and implements corrective action wherever indicated in operations, areas out of compliance with hospital policy, internal controls and accounting policies, as assigned. Reviews and/or prepares federal, state and other regulatory reports, ensuring compliance with established guidelines, as assigned Employee must perform all duties and responsibilities in accordance with the C-I-CARE Standards of the Hospital. C-I-CARE is the foundation of Stanford’s patient-experience and represents a framework for patient-centered interactions. Minimum Requirements Education : Bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Accounting, Finance, or related field preferred or equivalent. Experience: Experience of at least three years in healthcare financial analysis, healthcare reimbursement experience or public accounting with health care experience. License/Certification: None Any combination of education and experience that would likely provide the required knowledge, skills and abilities as well as possession of any required licenses or certifications is qualifying. Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Proficient with a variety of software applications (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, etc.), systems, and query formats; SQL experience is a plus. EPSi Decision Support System experience is a plus. Must be detail oriented. Excellent communication, presentation, analytical and report writing skills. Ability to analyze and develop solutions to complex problems Ability to apply judgment and informed decisions Ability to communicate complex concepts in simple form to non-finance users to understand the appropriate use and limits of the information provided Ability to communicate effectively in written and verbal formats including summarizing data, presenting results Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships Ability to manage, organize, prioritize, multi-task and adapt to changing priorities Knowledge of principles and practices of budgeting and finance including the analysis and reporting of financial data Physical Requirements and Working Conditions The Physical Requirements and Working Conditions in which the job is typically performed are available from the Occupational Health Department. Reasonable accommodations will be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job.  Equal Opportunity Employer Stanford Health Care (SHC) strongly values diversity and is committed to equal opportunity and non-discrimination in all of its policies and practices, including the area of employment. Accordingly, SHC does not discriminate against any person on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation or gender identity and/or expression, religion, age, national or ethnic origin, political beliefs, marital status, medical condition, genetic information, veteran status, or disability, or the perception of any of the above. People of all genders, members of all racial and ethnic groups, people with disabilities, and veterans are encouraged to apply. Qualified applicants with criminal convictions will be considered after an individualized assessment of the conviction and the job requirements."
449,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=2120b385908933a7&fccid=04ba1436437cd163&vjs=3,"Retirement Investment Analyst I/II, Retirement Services - (2100746) About the Department The City of San José, the Capital of Silicon Valley, is one of the nation's best managed cities and one of the top ten cities in which to live, work, and do business. Moreover, San José is the center of cultural, government and economic activity for the region. The employees of the City of San José have embraced the following values: Integrity, Innovation, Excellence, Collaboration, Respect and Celebration. The City's Retirement Services Department is seeking an individual whose values align with the values of the City's employees.  The mission of the City's Retirement Services Department is to provide quality services in the delivery of pension and related benefits and maintain financially sound pension plans.  Positions & Duties Please note that applications are currently not accepted through CalOpps or any other third party job board application system. To apply, applicants must complete an application via the City of San Jose’s website at www.sanjoseca.gov/citycareers. The actual salary shall be determined by the final candidate’s qualifications and experience. In addition to the starting salary, employees in the Retirement Investment Analyst I/II classification shall also receive an approximate five percent (5%) ongoing non-pensionable compensation pay. The Retirement Investment Analyst I salary range is $77,699.72 - $94,461.70. The Retirement Investment Analyst II salary range is $90,739.42 - $110,544.77. The Retirement Services Department is seeking to hire a Retirement Investment Analyst to manage the investments of the City's two Retirement Plans totaling over $8 billion in assets.  Reporting to the Chief Investment Officer (CIO), the Retirement Investment Analyst will be primarily responsible for analysis and implementation of quantitative models in the management of the investment portfolios within the retirement system. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to the following: Work with the system’s risk management tools to ensure that portfolios are being managed within the risk framework established to govern the system. Monitor and insure that the overall portfolio's risk and underlying exposures are consistent with policy and will recommend necessary changes, if warranted. Proactively monitor tracking error of various asset classes to underlying benchmarks; identify potential sources of risk, help develop active risk targets for various asset classes, and help liaise with external risk management provider to facilitate effective implementation of risk management tools. May be involved in assisting Investment Officers in the performance of due diligence and analysis for selection of investment firms through on-site visits, discussions with other institutional investors, and analysis of information provided by consultants. Conduct ongoing due diligence of current portfolio, including meetings with managers to discuss portfolio returns and strategies, and quantitative analysis of portfolio returns and underlying holdings. Assist with ad-hoc projects to assist CIO and Investment Officers in the implementation of the plan’s strategy. This recruitment may be used to fill multiple positions in this, or other divisions or departments. If you are interested in employment in this classification, you should apply to ensure you are considered for additional opportunities that may utilize the applicants from this recruitment.  Qualifications Minimum Qualifications: 1. Education: Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited college or university in business, finance, financial engineering, mathematics, economics or a related field. 2. Experience: Retirement Investment Analyst I: None. Retirement Investment Analyst II: three (3) years experience in a defined benefit retirement fund, investment consulting, investment management, pension consulting or other related financial or fiscal analytic work. Acceptable Substitutions: One (1) year of additional education above a Bachelor’s Degree may be substituted for one year of the required experience for Retirement Investment Analyst II. 3. Employment Eligibility: Federal law requires all employees to provide verification of their eligibility to work in this country. Please be informed that the City of San Jose will NOT sponsor, represent or sign any documents related to visa applications/transfers for H1-B or any other type of visa which requires an employer application. Desirable Qualifications 1) A graduate degree in a quantitative discipline, either in economics or finance, or in the natural sciences or engineering is desirable for the Investment Analyst II position. PhDs in one of the disciplines listed above are also encouraged to apply. 2) A strong foundation in applied empirical analysis  Competencies The ideal candidate will possess the following competencies, as demonstrated in past and current employment history. Desirable competencies for this position include: Job Expertise - knowledge of: Investment concepts including: portfolio theory, asset allocation and capital markets; Financial and statistical analysis; Principles and practices of institutional investing; Ability to: Perform complex financial analysis and ability to analyze, isolate and interpret data; Interact with external service providers such as actuarial and investment consultants, money managers and custodian; Utilize and coordinate the delivery of custodial services. Analytical Thinking - approaches a situation or problem by defining the problem or issue; identifies a set of features, parameters, or considerations to take into account, collects and analyzes data, uses logic and intuition to arrive at conclusions and recommendations Communication Skills - communicates and listens effectively and responds in an timely, effective, positive and respectful manner; written reports and correspondence are accurate, complete, current; well-organized, legible, concise, neat, and in proper grammatical form Computer Skills - experienced with common business computer applications including but not limited to: MS Outlook, MS Word, MS PowerPoint, MS Access, and MS Excel Initiative - exhibits self directed, resourceful and creative behaviors toward meeting job objectives; anticipates problems, is proactive, and avoids difficulties by planning ahead; displays willingness to assume extra responsibility or workload and accept challenges; pursue continuing educational opportunities which promote enhanced job performance. Leadership - leads by example; serves as appropriate role model; demonstrates high ethical standards; Remains visible and approachable and interacts with others on a regular basis; promotes a cooperative work environment; encourages and rewards risk-taking, allowing others to learn from mistakes. Team Work & Interpersonal Skills - develops effective relationships with co-workers and supervisors by helping others accomplish tasks and using collaboration and conflict resolution skills. Selection Process The selection process will consist of an evaluation of the applicant's training and experience based on the application and responses to the Job Specific Questions. Only the candidates whose backgrounds best match the position will be invited to proceed in the selection process. Additional phases of the selection process will consist of one or more interviews. You will be prompted to answer the following job-specific question(s) during the online application process. Please note that there is a 4,000-character limit, including spaces, for each text response. Describe your education and experience and how it relates to this position. You must answer all job-specific questions in order to be considered for this vacancy or your application will be deemed incomplete and withheld from further consideration. If you have questions about the duties of these positions, the selection or hiring processes, please contact Santa Barota at Santa.Barota@sanjoseca.gov.  Additional Information Link to Benefits page -Link to Office of Retirement Services page Please note that applications are currently not accepted through CalOpps or any other third party job board application system. To apply, applicants must complete an application via the City of San Jose’s website at www.sanjoseca.gov/citycareers. The application deadline is 11:59 PM on August 11, 2021. Please allow adequate time to complete the application and submit before the deadline or the system may not save your application. If your online application was successfully submitted, you will receive an automatic confirmation email to the email address you provided. IF YOU DO NOT RECEIVE THE CONFIRMATION, please email CityCareers@sanjoseca.gov and we will research the status of your application. Please contact Human Resources at (408) 535-1285, or Human.Resources@sanjoseca.gov if you have any questions.  Job: Accounting, Fiscal and Budget Organization: Retirement Services Schedule: Full-time Employee Status: Regular Job Type: Standard Job Posting: Jul 6, 2021, 5:29:04 PM Minimum Salary: 77,699.72 Maximum Salary: 110,544.77 Bargaining Unit 1: UNIT 99"
450,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=56409b76fa1a8f59&fccid=6c6f37e2a6cb4c55&vjs=3,
451,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=cca118cbab58d3cc&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3," 3+ years of experience in finance or a related analytical field.  Job Description  Amazon seeks a Financial Analyst to be a key member in our Devices finance team. This is an exciting opportunity to join one of the most innovative and fast growing businesses of Amazon in a role where you will have regular interaction with executives and various business units across the organization.  The successful candidate will be a self-starter with strong interpersonal and communication skills, data collection and modeling capabilities, a keen attention to detail, and ability to manage multiple projects effectively.  The role also requires regular interaction with various business teams, providing reporting and business support for decision making and ability to influence decisions through effective verbal and written communication, logical reasoning, and the presentation of alternatives/scenarios.  Primary responsibilities include: o Presenting financial summaries and business insights to senior management o Developing scalable and efficient financial processes that support the business o Deriving meaningful insights and recommendations from large data sets o Tracking initiatives that span multiple business functions o Leading ad hoc financial analyses and supporting the financial planning process  o Coordinating and supporting planning and month-end close processes  Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us  Preferred Qualifications  o Strong analytical, financial modeling, and reporting skills o Advanced Excel & business modeling skills o Demonstrated ability to manage multiple competing priorities simultaneously and drive projects to completion o Comfortable working with cross-functional teams in an unstructured environment o Proven ability to develop strategic relationships with business partners and influence decisions o Prior experience supporting business decision making through financial analysis in a fast paced environment o Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written o A quantitative thinker able to use numbers to validate critical concepts as well as able to extract meaningful insights from data o Basic knowledge of SQL, Cognos, Oracle is preferred"
452,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=bcdc2e1242073101&fccid=a5b4499d9e91a5c6&vjs=3,
453,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=6b82817d4ff50099&fccid=a5b4499d9e91a5c6&vjs=3,
454,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ec71bce5100fc5e1&fccid=a5b4499d9e91a5c6&vjs=3,
455,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=52920cb7d9e2cfe9&fccid=86e9be6ce380173e&vjs=3,"The Role We are looking for a highly motivated Regional Finance Analyst to support our Credit Department within Tesla Financial. The Regional Finance Analyst will be responsible for reviewing and negotiating contracts and offerings as a customer advocate. Responsibilities The Regional Finance Analyst will review and negotiate non-routine contracts and credit offerings with automotive lenders as an advocate for the Tesla customer. Represent the Tesla customers' interests in a thoughtful, detailed, and honest manner in negotiations with automotive lenders. Build strong working relationships with outside lender personnel including credit analysts, funders, sales representatives and managers based on mutual benefit. Assist Tesla customers in selecting a financing offer based solely on maximizing the customers' overall Tesla experience. Complete the placement of contracts with lending banks including all required and requested stipulations in a fast and efficient manner to maximize cash flow for the company. Review and analyze credit reports from major credit bureaus Review income documents, affordability ratios, and credit reports in order to advise customers regarding a credit decision Build strong working relationships with the Sales Team, Delivery Operations Team, and all Tesla team members. Required Qualifications Bachelor's Degree required or equivalent experience. Evidence of exceptional ability. 1-3 years' experience in analyzing consumer auto loans and leases for a captive automotive finance company or major bank. 1-3 years' experience in the negotiation of consumer loan terms between automobile dealers and the financing lender for consumer auto loans and leases. Expertise in reviewing consumer credit reports including Experian, Equifax, and Trans Union. Proven ability to perform credit risk analysis. The highest level of integrity and accountability. Knowledge of Consumer Auto Finance and FCRA and ECOA rules. Strong negotiation skills. Strong written and verbal communication skills and ability to interact effectively with all levels of management. Ability to work independently and think creatively with a proven track record of execution. Apply Tesla participates in the E-Verify Program"
456,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5a31b18df91902c7&fccid=978d9fd9799d55a8&vjs=3,"Who we are: Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 392 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies. Job Description Summary: Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 375+ million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovations and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to pay, send money, accept payments, and access credit. The PayPal Finance team is looking for a highly motivated individual to partner with the Global Marketing Team. In this role, the individual will manage the day-to-day process and guide the business through various finance-related tasks. Additionally, the successful candidate will assist in budgeting, forecasting, month-end close activities, variance analysis and reporting related to operating expenses, Contra and headcount. This role will work closely with cross-functional teams to provide business insight and guide them towards sound financial decisions to help fuel the company’s growth and reach. The successful candidate for the Financial Analyst position on the Global Marketing Finance Team will be detail oriented, understand how to translate business decisions into financial impacts and communicate effectively across teams. He/she will be able to work autonomously but in collaboration with teammates and business partners Job Description: Specific responsibilities include: Lead month-end close and reporting activities such as booking accruals, rolling up forecast and preparing monthly actuals-to-forecast variance analysis Develop an understanding of the business strategic priorities, resource and headcount needs; collaborate with the business to execute and improve financial planning and budgeting Identify trends, anticipate needs, and gather business requirements to support an evolving planning and management reporting function that meets the needs of the users Drive process improvements using reporting and planning tools Provide analysis and recommendations to business partners and cross-functional Finance teams as necessary Ensure strict adherence to corporate policies and GAAP regulations Ad-hoc analysis & projects as needed to support or improvement business needs Job Requirements: Bachelor's degree - Finance, Economics, Mathematics, a related field or equivalent practical experience Minimum of 2+ years FP&A experience in a medium/large company environment Detail oriented and ability to produce work with high degree of accuracy Excellent oral and written communication skills with the ability to interact effectively with cross-functional teams and with senior leadership Solid understanding of forecasting/budget and accrual concepts Ability to thrive in a rapidly changing environment while juggling multiple responsibilities Able to feel comfortable working in and driving decisions in uncertain/ambiguous situations Ability to meet strict deadlines and work under pressure Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Process-focused – ability to identify and execute process improvements and achieve results Proficient in Microsoft Office applications with good level of experience with PowerPoint, Excel (pivot tables, vlookup formulas) Ability to manage the details as well as the big picture Experience in budget and reporting applications including BPC, BW and SAP a plus Positive attitude and sense of humor highly preferred We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom. PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities."
457,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=90a8c5492941e7ef&fccid=9d4dbca3ed8b9cdf&vjs=3,"Are you looking for a profitable and growing company with a great culture and reputation? Stryker has 40 consecutive years of sales growth and was recently named the #5 Best Workplace in the WORLD by Fortune! You’ll have many opportunities to learn and grow and one of the ways we support your development is through our tuition reimbursement benefit – which is $15,000 per year! Stryker Neurovascular is hiring a Financial Analyst! What you will do Gathers financial data and presents financial analysis and reporting as necessary (monthly and quarterly). Assists functional team in creating annual budget & long term plan Assists in creating forecast and profitability reviews as necessary. Assist in the development of new financial systems which assist the division in controlling its expenses. Performs responsibilities required by the Quality System and other duties as assigned or requested Build Quality into all aspects of their work by maintaining compliance to all quality requirements. What you need Bachelor's degree 1+ years of experience preferred Know someone at Stryker?  Be sure to have them submit you as a referral prior to applying for this position. Learn more about our employee referral program."
458,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=16ecd7917b74d127&fccid=c1099851e9794854&vjs=3,"Summary Posted: Jul 29, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200271482 Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Do you love thinking analytically? Are you passionate about using your financial knowledge to navigate complex challenges? Just as our customers find value in Apple products, the Finance group finds value for both Apple and its shareholders. As part of this group, you’ll play an integral role in ensuring our day-to-day financial health. You and your team will support Apple’s growth, both top and bottom line, by applying the same level of innovation toward financial matters as we do toward our products and services. You’ll also collaborate with Apple teams across the world to develop more effective investment strategies and risk management. Finance is essential to upholding our global commitment to excellence, and it is directly responsible for shaping the company’s future. Join us, and you’ll have an important role in continuing Apple’s legacy of efficiency and success. Our RE&D FP&A team is a lively, interactive team that has a direct impact on the business. There are constant opportunities for growth and development, along with the responsibility to provide Finance solutions that are innovative and support both our internal and external customers. Real Estate and Development FP&A works closely with teams around the world including Real Estate and Development, Corporate FP&A, Tax, and Global Business Solutions. The RE&D FP&A Financial Analyst will join the FP&A team in support of one of the most influential retailers in the world, with over 500 stores in countries around the world, and some of the most interesting facilities in business such as our worldwide headquarters, Apple Park. Key Qualifications Demonstrated ability to conduct complex, data driven analysis. Strong knowledge of Excel required, experience with enterprise software systems (e.g SAP), Tableau, and Essbase a plus Experience with and knowledge of lease accounting and ASC 842 a plus 5+ years of relevant experience in a high performance organization Strong verbal and written communication skills with the ability to articulate results of analysis in easy to understand business terms Strong prioritization skills, ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously Ability to learn quickly and navigate through a large organization Ability to thrive in a hardworking, collaborative environment Description - Forecast and analyze rent and occupancy expense for Apple offices, data centers, and the worldwide fleet of Apple Retail Stores - Build and maintain a suite of reporting to provide executive leadership with new insights as cost trends and leasing activity changes - Monitor Retail revenue performance to support percentage rent forecasting and related journal entries - Provide in-depth analysis of key cost drivers along with commentary on forecast flux, actuals, and plan - Partner with the business to understand the pipeline of projects and impact to the P&L and forecast - Participate in regular meetings with RE&D leadership to share insights and evaluate trends compared to historical and forecast - Partner with Global Business Solutions in many areas including property tax analysis and accruals - Partner with Lease Accounting to determine lease amortization, variable rent, and associated P&L impact of lease renewals and extensions - Support Retail and Apple corporate teams in ad hoc analytical projects, including process and systems improvements - Contribute to our annual planning process through rigorous analysis and presentations supporting Apple’s ongoing RE&D strategy Education & Experience BS/BA or equivalent in business or related field. CPA a plus."
459,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=96aaefe8b913e816&fccid=1ba7f338730ce720&vjs=3,"JOB PURPOSE: The Financial Systems Data Analyst is a key member of the Business Strategy and Services (BSS) team within Financial Management Services (FMS) and is responsible for providing data analysis and modeling in support of Business Affairs and FMS projects, initiatives and operational reports.  The analyst’s key responsibilities will be to collect data and perform complex analysis on financial and system data and related activities and bring technical expertise to ensure the quality and accuracy of the data. The analyst will design, process and present the analysis to help the project team make better strategic decisions for the organization. The analysis may require a deep understanding of the business processes, policies and systems supported by FMS, in an effort to identify trends and behaviors represented in the data.  Additional responsibilities will include writing business requirements; designing solutions; recommending system enhancements, controls and protocols as well as supporting projects to ensure that the University’s financial system needs are addressed in an efficient and optimal manner.  The Financial Systems Data Analyst will report to the Manager, Financial Systems Data Analysis, whose group sits within BSS and will support all groups within BSS providing greater exposure and breadth of work. Performing data analysis will support the team’s outreach services to university financial managers and financial analysts to advance initiatives assigned to BSS. The scope of his/her activities will have a high institutional impact as the projects will involve multiple systems affecting a broad range of university activities. This position will work closely with other BSS teams, FMS teams, Enterprise Technology teams, other Central departments and university departments to identify areas where financial system processes can be improved.  This position may be heavily involved with the following Oracle Applications: Accounts Payable, iExpense, iProcurement, Purchasing, Credit Card Programs (TCard, PCard), Grants (Projects), General Ledger, Oracle Business Intelligence in addition to Stanford financial custom applications. Other applications/programs/skills include: ServiceNow, Financial Assurance Navigator, Spend Analytics, Salesforce, SQL, Tableau, Incorta. Knowledge on how to gather data from these and other systems is highly desirable.  CORE DUTIES*: Lead the elicitation, gathering and documenting of business and system requirements. Analyze, design and implement complex management information systems. Lead efforts to ensure that information systems support the organizational mission and objectives and coordinate the process of defining, investigating and solving problems related to business systems and special projects. Manage, from a client business perspective, the requirements for related systems projects; ensure a high level of client satisfaction by monitoring the delivery of ongoing information systems to the organization. Lead and coordinate projects to assist business owners in evaluating the potential for automating existing or proposed work functions or processes and assess the feasibility of creating or modifying systems to meet user requirements. Analyze new business requirements, system functionality, current system use and user needs; specify functional designs and work with developers and analysts to implement. Develop system design for new or revised business systems; document and analyze input/output requirements, procedural flow between departments, operational audits and organizational structures. Research, and synthesize data for broad areas; develop complex financial analyses, budget and forecasting scenarios, long-range planning, and analyses. Perform root-cause analysis and synthesis, draw conclusions, and propose solutions. Work under consultative or self-initiated direction to assess and produce relevant, standard, or custom information (reports, charts, graphs and tables) from structured data sources by querying data repositories and generating the associated information. Distribute and disseminate reports to applicable agencies, researchers, management and other internal end-users. Devise methods for identifying data patterns, trends in available information sources using a variety of qualitative and quantitative techniques. Determine and recommend additional data collection and reporting requirements. May plan, direct, coordinate, monitor and review the work of others during all phases of the project team's work and coordinate the planning, development and presentation of training for users of business systems. Manage external vendor or partner relationships. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: Education & Experience: Bachelor's degree and eight years relevant experience or a combination of education and relevant experience.  Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Knowledge of computer system capabilities, business processes, and work flow. Current knowledge of rapidly changing computer technology. Extensive experience with enterprise applications and understanding of database driven applications. Ability to design and document complex business systems. Proven problem solving and analytical thinking and ability to approach problems logically and systematically. Strong understanding of the software development life cycle. Project management skills as needed. Skill in conducting interviews and facilitating group meetings. Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, including the ability to bridge functional and technical resources by communicating effectively with individuals of varying systems expertise and business needs. Strong listening, negotiation and conflict resolution skills.  - Consistent with its obligations under the law, the University will provide reasonable accommodation to any employee with a disability who requires accommodation to perform the essential functions of his or her job.  WORKING CONDITIONS: Work extended hours.  WORK STANDARDS: Interpersonal Skills: Demonstrates the ability to work well with Stanford colleagues and clients and with external organizations. Promote Culture of Safety: Demonstrates commitment to personal responsibility and value for safety; communicates safety concerns; uses and promotes safe behaviors based on training and lessons learned. Subject to and expected to comply with all applicable University policies and procedures, including but not limited to the personnel policies and other policies found in the University’s Administrative Guide, http://adminguide.stanford.edu.  WHY STANFORD IS FOR YOU: Stanford University is one of a select group of American universities that have achieved eminence in both undergraduate and graduate education and in a broad range of academic disciplines. The University is internationally recognized for the quality of its teaching and research, its distinguished faculty, and its outstanding student body. Our mission is to educate future leaders and promote interdisciplinary, world-class research and teaching. This passion makes Stanford an intensely creative, rewarding, and challenging place to work. We provide market competitive salaries, excellent health care and retirement plans, and a generous vacation policy, including additional time off during our winter closure. Our unique perks align with what matters to you: Freedom to grow. As one of the greatest intellectual hubs in the world, take advantage of development programs, tuition reimbursement plus $800 you receive annually towards skill-building classes, or audit a Stanford course. Join a TedTalk, film screening, or listen to a renowned author or leader discuss global issues. A caring culture. We understand the importance of your personal and family time and provide you access to wellness programs, child-care resources, parent education and consultation, elder care, and caregiving support. A healthier you. We make wellness a priority by providing access to world-class exercise facilities. Climb our rock wall or participate in one of hundreds of health or fitness classes. Discovery and fun. Stroll through historic sculptures, trails, and museums. Create an avatar and participate in virtual reality adventures or join one with fellow staff on Stanford vacations! Enviable resources. We offer free commuter programs and ridesharing incentives. Enjoy discounts for computing, cell phones, outdoor recreation, travel, entertainment, and more!  We pride ourselves in being a culture that encourages and empowers you.  The job duties listed are typical examples of work performed by positions in this job classification and are not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, tasks, and responsibilities. Specific duties and responsibilities may vary depending on department or program needs without changing the general nature and scope of the job or level of responsibility. Employees may also perform other duties as assigned.  Stanford is an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.  Stanford University’s commitment to safely and effectively meet the public health challenge presented by COVID-19 extends to ensuring University employees may work from home, or another off-site location, where determined appropriate, whenever necessary through the end of August 2021. The department will give reasonable notice when employees are expected to return to work at the Redwood City campus."
460,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=97126fd5439a48b1&fccid=0e5bd28881a96a2d&vjs=3,"Albertsons Companies is one of the largest food and drug retailers with 2,300+ stores. The Albertsons Companies family of brands includes some of the most prominent brands in food retailing, with a growing base of loyal shoppers. Thanks to the professionalism, diversity, spirit, and friendliness of our people, we have locations across the U.S. The Corporate eCommerce FP&A Department has an opening for a Financial Analyst. This position reports in Pleasanton, California.   Position Purpose  The Financial Analyst will assist in providing financial guidance, analytical support, key insights, and trends within the eCommerce organization, which is fueling growth for Albertsons Companies, Inc (ACI) over the longer term. You will play a role to gather, organize, analyze, report, and present information for both routine and special adhoc assignments under varying amounts of guidance and direction. This role will interface with all levels of Division and Corporate staff in addressing financial questions, results, variances, and overall processes and procedures. You will play a pivotal role in analyzing and reporting data used to drive growth initiatives, business and operational performance.   Key Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:  Reporting and Analysis - work closely with Director of Finance and key stakeholders to develop and prepare key performance tracking reports that highlight performance results, analyze key performance indicators, articulate key insights and trends, and identify risks and opportunities. Drive a data-driven, data-mining analytical process of identifying variances from actual trends and planned/forecasted results, creating actionable steps to course-correct and prepare presentations. Source data from primary or secondary data sources, create and maintain multifaceted databases to generate reports and financial tools. Maintain financial models, business intelligence and dashboards, and evaluate complex financial analysis of strategic initiatives to identify and measure sales and financial impact to the P&L. Continuous improvement activities impacting people efficiency, process effectiveness, technical tool utilization, and automation. Provide analytical support to management on ad-hoc projects and value-added improvement initiatives. Acquire solid understanding of ACI businesses and proactively look for ways to provide analytical solutions to business opportunities.   Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Finance, Accounting, or related quantitative field. MBA a plus. Strength in ability to analyze, interpret, and report on large financial data sets. Ability to identify, prioritize, and solve problems using analytical frameworks to streamline the process. Strong data-mining skills and statistical software expertise (e.g. snowflake analytical data SQL warehouse, tableau ideal, excel, visual analytics, oracle, PowerBI, other business intelligence) and ability to interpret results. Flexible self-starter who can work well within various situations (from well-defined to unstructured) and proactively identify business improvement areas. Possess good communication skills, both oral and written, and have the ability to interact with all levels of management from executives to staff to business partners. Ability to work collaboratively with and through others to achieve desired results. Customer service focused, organized, and able to work independently. Excellent presentation skills; able to present complex issues in a simple, succinct manner. Advanced PC skills in MS Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint for data manipulation, analysis and charting), including Essbase; knowledge working with syndicated data sources (e.g. Nielsen, IRI) and competitive dynamics.   Travel:  Some travel may be required, up to 5%-10%.   About us  Albertsons Companies is at the forefront of the revolution in retail. With a fixation on innovation and building culture, our team is rallying our company around a unique vision: forging a retail winner that is admired for national strength, deep roots in the communities we serve, and a team that has passion for food and delivering great service.   Albertsons Culture Principles  Compassion: We always treat each other with kindness and respect Team: We always support and recognize each other Inclusive: We always value everyone's perspective Learning: We always strive to grow and develop ourselves and others Competitive: We always act with integrity to win over the customer Ownership: We always take actions to drive our success   Physical Environment:  Work may be performed in a temperature-controlled environment. Must sit, stand, or walk for extended periods of time. May spend long periods of time at desk or computer terminal. Will use keyboards, telephone, and other office equipment during the course of normal workday. Stooping, bending, twisting, and reaching may be required in completion of job duties. Work day is fast paced; some evening and weekend work may be required.   How to Apply: Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume by visiting https://www.albertsonscompanies.com/careers/en/home.html  Diversity is fundamental at Albertsons Companies. We foster an inclusive working environment where the different strengths and perspectives of each employee is both recognized and valued. We believe that building successful relationships with our customers and our communities is only possible through the diversity of our people. A diverse workforce leads to better teamwork and creative thinking, as well as mutual understanding and respect.   The Albertsons Companies policy is to provide employment, training, compensation, promotion, and other conditions of employment without regard to race, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, sex, age, disability, veteran status, medical condition, marital status, or any other legally protected status.   We support a drug-free workplace - some positions require applicants offered a position to pass a pre-employment drug test before they are hired.  AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER"
461,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=489cc232cddf5b15&fccid=6f2e75d1b693ed90&vjs=3,
462,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9841c94bd44da52d&fccid=1639254ea84748b5&vjs=3,"Facebook’s IT Supply Chain is responsible for fulfilling all internal end user IT needs. We build integrated, scalable, and robust processes and systems to manage planning & inventory life cycle. We are currently looking for an experienced, insightful, individual to help define, build, manage and measure global asset management. The successful candidate must be forward-thinking with a strong ability to design and execute products that power the enterprise. You will play a key role in reimagining efficiency by shipping transformative products that serve diverse aspects of the enterprise. This is a full-time position. Lead the ideation, technical development of innovative forecasting and financial planning processes Own the end-to-end forecasting process and modelling systems globally Work with internal business groups to acquire a deep understanding of the products and demand Establish shared vision across the company by building consensus on priorities leading to product execution Define and analyze metrics that inform the success of products Drive automation on an aggressive timeline with a team of world-class engineers and designers Identify the key levers that have the greatest impact on operational efficiencies Maximize efficiency in a constantly evolving environment where the process is fluid and creative solutions are the norm Develop and maintain a well-coordinated internal relationship with key decision makers and with the wider enterprise organization 3+ years of supply chain experience, with focus on forecasting, financial planning and demand planning 2+ years of experience with financial forecasting and planning systems 1+ years of experience optimizing supply chain processes to meet end customer SLA 1+ years of experience tracking budget and variance Bachelor's Degree in Supply Chain or equivalent experience Focus on supply chain design and process automation Experience processing metric driven approach and experiences Focus on compliance and finance and security supply chain concepts Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com."
463,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ed70af64c5e45583&fccid=02c3642d72b15da7&vjs=3,"A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits. Review our benefits Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered."
464,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=c117ca7805af4033&fccid=731d7b55b050bd72&vjs=3,"Location:  San Jose, California, USA 1. RESEARCH - PERFORM PRIMARY AND SECONDARY RESEARCH; EVALUATING INDUSTRIES IN THE FIRM'S INVESTMENT FOCUS AREAS TO DEFINE KEY SECTORS, CURRENT INVESTMENT/COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE AND POTENTIAL MARKET/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES IN SECTORS  2. DEAL FLOW - AS RESEARCH FOLLOW UP, MAKE INITIAL CONTACT WITH POTENTIAL INVESTMENT TARGETS, AS DIRECTED, TO LEARN MORE ABOUT THE TEAM, BUSINESS MODEL AND PRODUCT/MARKET FIT. FACILITATE INTRODUCTIONS TO AN INVESTMENT PARTNER AND/OR PRESENTATION TO A FULL INVESTMENT TEAM  3. NETWORKING/EVENTS - DEVELOP A PERSONAL NETWORK TO INCLUDE ENTREPRENEURS, ASSOCIATES AT OTHER COLLABORATIVE VENTURE FIRMS, UNIVERSITY CONTACTS, PERSONAL NETWORKS, AND OTHERS TO ENHANCE DEAL FLOW AND BROADEN THE FIRM'S FOOTPRINT. ATTEND MIXERS AND APPLICABLE EVENTS TO GROW NETWORK  4. FINANCIAL MODELING & ANALYSIS - CALLING CUSTOMERS/ANALYSTS AND USING EXISTING RESEARCH AND AVAILABLE MARKET INFORMATION TO PERFORM EXTENSIVE ANALYSIS. CONSTRUCT SOPHISTICATED FINANCIAL MODELING AND KEEP TRACK OF COMPARABLE PUBLIC/PRIVATE COMPANY DATA  5. DUE DILIGENCE - PERFORM EXTENSIVE DUE DILIGENCE TO EVALUATE NEW INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES/ BUSINESS PLANS. THESE ACTIVITIES INCLUDING THOROUGH EVALUATION OF ENTREPRENEURS AND MANAGEMENT TEAMS (INTERVIEW, REFERENCE AND BACKGROUND CHECKING); CUSTOMER CALLS; SUPPLIER CALLS; TECHNOLOGY EVALUATION; EVALUATION OF FINANCIAL PROJECTIONS; FINANCIAL MODELING AND RETURNS ANALYSES; DEAL STRUCTURING AND ANALYSIS  6. INVESTMENT MEMO - ASSIST GENERAL PARTNERS IN AUTHORING INVESTMENT MEMO WRITE-UPS AND HELP PRESENT THE CASE TO THE FUND'S INVESTMENT COMMITTEE  Requirements: MASTER OF FINANCE/ECONOMICS/RELATED PLIUS 6 MONTHS OF EXPERIENCE IN THE JOB OFFERED OR AS AN ASSURANCE SR. ASSOCIATE, VALUATION Work Schedule: Monday - Friday, 9:00 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. 40 hours per week. Please submit your resume in pdf to CAREER.AMERICA@TCL.COM, our human resource staff will follow up with your application shortly."
465,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=d72a5b3890a9d826&fccid=442bbab6426502de&vjs=3,
466,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9e5cde6385736637&fccid=b11a318411580b5b&vjs=3,"Company Description At Western Digital, our vision is to power global innovation and push the boundaries of technology to make what you thought was once impossible, possible. At our core, Western Digital is a company of problem solvers. People achieve extraordinary things given the right technology. For decades, we’ve been doing just that. Our technology helped people put a man on the moon. We are a key partner to some of the largest and highest growth organizations in the world. From energizing the most competitive gaming platforms, to enabling systems to make cities safer and cars smarter and more connected, to powering the data centers behind many of the world’s biggest companies and public cloud, Western Digital is fueling a brighter, smarter future. Binge-watch any shows, use social media or shop online lately? You’ll find Western Digital supporting the storage infrastructure behind many of these platforms. And, that flash memory card that captures and preserves your most precious moments? That’s us, too. We offer an expansive portfolio of technologies, storage devices and platforms for business and consumers alike. Our data-centric solutions are comprised of the Western Digital®, G-Technology™, SanDisk® and WD® brands. Today’s exceptional challenges require your unique skills. It’s You & Western Digital. Together, we’re the next BIG thing in data.  Job Description ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Business Partner to Senior Leaders in the orgs Manage monthly close process, including variance commentary and presentation of results. Work with senior leaders to develop monthly forecast for headcount, expense, and capital budgets Provide financial expertise and leadership on strategic programs Prepare ad hoc analyses as needed to provide insight and support for pending decisions Participate in projects related to financial systems or business processes.  Qualifications QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Accounting or Economics 3-5 years of relevant finance and accounting experience in the high tech or similar industry Demonstrated problem solving and analytical skills Ability to simultaneously manage multiple high priority projects Excellent oral and written communication skills Strong business partnership capabilities Attention to detail Ability to work independently in a fast-paced environment Advanced Microsoft Excel and strong PowerPoint skills SAP/Oracle ERP experience Additional Information Western Digital is committed to providing equal opportunities to all applicants and employees and will not discriminate based on their race, color, ancestry, religion (including religious dress and grooming standards), sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, breastfeeding or related medical conditions), gender (including a person’s gender identity, gender expression, and gender-related appearance and behavior, whether or not stereotypically associated with the person’s assigned sex at birth), age, national origin, sexual orientation, medical condition, marital status (including domestic partnership status), physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, protected medical and family care leave, Civil Air Patrol status, military and veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. We also prohibit harassment of any individual on any of the characteristics listed above. Our non-discrimination policy applies to all aspects of employment. We comply with the laws and regulations set forth in the Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law poster. Western Digital thrives on the power and potential of diversity. As a global company, we believe the most effective way to embrace the diversity of our customers and communities is to mirror it from within. We believe the fusion of various perspectives results in the best outcomes for our employees, our company, our customers, and the world around us. We are committed to an inclusive environment where every individual can thrive through a sense of belonging, respect and contribution. Western Digital is committed to offering opportunities to applicants with disabilities and ensuring all candidates can successfully navigate our careers website and our hiring process. Please contact us at staffingsupport@wdc.com to advise us of your accommodation request. In your email, please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting as well as the job title and requisition number of the position for which you are applying. #LI-JS1"
467,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=f4a35aa2cde76b9d&fccid=9f02eee31b134261&vjs=3,
468,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=840c671e9ed553b5&fccid=978d9fd9799d55a8&vjs=3,"Who we are: Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 392 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies. Job Description Summary: As a member of the Payments finance team, this Financial Analyst role will work on understanding the payment eco-system and work on analytics and reporting tied with the eco-system. Primary goal would be to understand how the transaction expense trends are by different Processors, Acquirers, Networks and Issuers by different regions (30+ partners across all areas). Develop reporting and monitoring for KPIs in the eco-system model and create business cases for commercial discussions with payment partners Job Description: Core Responsibilities include: Become a domain expert in PayPal Payments and conduct rigorous data analysis to help improve transaction expense and understand eco-system performanceDevelop reporting and monitor KPIs for the Eco-system (Network, Acquirers, Processors & Issuers)Create automated process for tracking Issuer related KPIs and overall Bank/Issuer partnership portfolioManage contract reporting and socialize with both internal and external stakeholdersProvide analytical support and insights on eco-system related changes to enable informed decision makingHave a significant business impact through driving process improvements and cost effectivenessWork directly and independently with business partners across multiple projects and manage deliverables and timelinesOpportunity to learn workings of payments business & how to monetize/optimize products expense of an innovative Payments organization of a very exciting, high growth company Job Requirements: Bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Computer Science, Statistics, Operations Research, Finance, Economics or related quantitative discipline; Master’s degree preferredMinimum 3 years of relevant work experience in a related field/industry is preferredExperience with data aggregation using SQL (Teradata, MySQL or PHP), flat file or json payload handling through programmatic code, ETL tools (Informatica) or database experience is preferredFluent in Excel or ability to learn quickly on the job; experience with a statistical programming language (e.g., R, Python), and/or web analytics tools (e.g., Adobe Omniture, Google Analytics) preferredPrior experience in visualization tools such as Tableau and/or Qlikview preferredStrong written, oral, and interpersonal skills a must, including the ability to explain and/or present analysesMust have good business judgment with demonstrated ability to think creatively and strategicallyAbility to work through large, complex data across various teams and systems; summarize for senior leadership communicationComfortable working in a fast paced, cross functional team environment setting  We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom. PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities."
469,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=51f4ede742b1897b&fccid=126e3afd205caa95&vjs=3,
470,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1bc5718f871733d3&fccid=a19f34e542f56d99&vjs=3,"Financial Analyst III Location: Scotts Valley Job ID: 21350  Initial Review Date (IRD) UC Santa Cruz staff jobs are posted until filled. Application materials submitted by 11:59 pm on the IRD will be routed to the hiring unit for consideration. NOTE: Materials submitted after the IRD will be forwarded only at the request of the hiring unit. Submit your materials before the IRD to ensure consideration by the hiring unit.  The Initial Review Date (IRD) for this job is: 08-09-2021  Dept Marketing Statement Colleges, Housing, and Educational Services (CHES) is a multi-funded organization within the Business and Administrative Services (BAS) division at the University of California (UC) Santa Cruz. CHES provides leadership in the areas of college student life and residential services, housing services, facilities, employee housing and capital planning, dining services, conference services, early education services, the Bay Tree Bookstore, ID card services, and business and financial analysis for these areas.  Business and Financial Analysis (BaFA) provides general oversight of the Colleges, Housing and Educational Services' (CHES) budget, capital management and deployment and division debt and capital obligations. Specific responsibilities include budgeting and fiscal management, human resource management, management analysis, long-range planning and business-operations management. BaFA delivers timely and accurate business plans, financial reports and other financial, business services, and human resource documents and reports as requested. BaFA also provides oversight for development, review, and implementation of financial and human resource policies and procedures.  More information about CHES BaFA can be found at: URL https://ches.ucsc.edu/bafa/index.html  Job Overview  Uses skills as a seasoned, experienced professional with a full understanding of industry practices and organizational policies and procedures; resolves a wide range of issues in imaginative as well as practical ways. Works on problems of diverse scope where analysis of data requires evaluation of identifiable factors. Demonstrates good judgment in selecting methods and techniques for obtaining solutions. Contacts are both internal and external to the department.  Under the general supervision of the Director, Business and Financial Analysis, the Financial Analyst will provide support work related to a variety of fiscal operations within CHES, including financial analysis for the CHES budgets financial projections, monitoring expenditures, reviewing various financial transactions, establishing and administering financial policies and procedures, and reporting financial performance.  Pay, Benefits, & Work Schedule Salary Information: $66,300.00 - $75,000.00 / annually. Salary commensurate with skills, qualifications and experience.  No. of Positions: 1  Benefits Level Eligibility: Full  Schedule Information: Full time, Fixed 100% weekly 40 Hours weekly Mon-Fri Day Shift  Employee Classification: Career  Job End Date: None  Work Location: Scotts Valley  Union Representation: None  Job Code Classification: 007709 - FINANCIAL ANL 3  Job Duties 50% - Financial Planning/ Analysis and Budget Development/ Analysis  Coordinates and develops financial budgets and reports; integrates elements of salary and benefits costs, revenues, and inflation costs.   Applies professional concepts to perform moderate to complex financial analyses for CHES units, including budget and transaction queries for management decision making.  Provides complex analysis for the development of the annual budgets for the Residence Operations Committees.  Evaluates data in financial and budgetary projections, comparing projections to past spending patterns and current projections.  Independently develops and prepares regular and ad hoc financial reports for CHES departments. This process includes running reports, verifying, researching and problem solving using campus financial systems, as appropriate.  Coordinates and develops official monthly, quarterly, annual and ad-hoc reports for CHES.  Monitors and reports on the rate of expenditures of funds, notifies management of trends toward over or under obligation of funds. Analyzes data, develops solutions and presents findings.  Provides recommendations and financial reports to senior mangers and supervisors to support sound financial decision making.  Interacts with staff and managers in Colleges, Housing and Educational Services (CHES), UCSC Financial Affairs, UCSC Planning and Budget, and a variety of UCSC recharge and service units.  20% - Financial Transactions and Reporting  Reviews and approves Purchase Orders and expense payments, including travel, reimbursements and direct payments to vendors. Reviews for accuracy, appropriately assigning and reconciling accounts and appropriate approvals. Monitors payments, assuring timely receipt and accuracy. Researches and resolves any problems/issues.  Reviews entertainment requests and forwards for appropriate approvals. Serves as Event Order Approver (EOA).  Reviews specific budget categories under budgetary review within BaFA.  Reviews and reconciles all administrative and agency account ledgers.  Prepares, processes and authorizes budget and expense transfers as needed.  Produces monthly reports on account activities. Reconciles and provides monthly budget reports to management. Produces various reports of Room and Board income and expense.  Ensures that the appropriate internal controls are addressed, maintained and strengthened to protect University resources.  Manages and completes fiscal closing for unit ensuring that accounts are balanced and cleared.  Responds to financial transaction inquires from units. Performs moderate to complex investigations within financial, budget and payroll systems in order to explain, clarify and/or correct financial transaction items in question. Works with appropriate campus offices to reconcile errors.  Prepares budget presentations for a variety of audiences.  Supports various closing processes and activities.  Provides financial information in a precise, timely and user-friendly manner.  20% - Policy, Procedure and Process Interpretation/ Development and Training  Advises CHES staff and management regarding complex or detailed accounting, purchasing, travel, and entertainment policies and procedures, answers questions, resolves problems and performs research as needed.  Provides policy analysis, advice, and consultation on all matters relating to budget and financial planning. Identifies best practices and proposes improvements, standards and changes in all areas of business and finance to ensure that good financial practices are maintained.  Provides guidance in reading and interpreting financial reports, such as InfoView, to managers, along with reconciliation practices, and identification of errors in data entry and fund usage.   Advises individual managers on application of policy or procedure to individual unit-specific situations.  Attends training sessions as needed to remain knowledgeable of current policies, procedures and use of UC Systems.  Develops and implements trainings for other staff regarding policies and procedures.  Completes policy and procedure documentation for financial and unit activities  Engages in teamwork and coordinates with staff in financial and payroll operations and with other CHES staff.  Reports on analysis and makes recommendations to Financial Manager.  10% - Administrative, Event Support, Special Projects and other duties as assigned  Maintains all files and records according to university policy and audit guidelines. Implements financial, purchasing and fiscal control procedures.  Ensures compliance with all financial controls and adherence to university policy and internal audit guidelines.  As requested, participates in divisional and/or campus committees, workgroups, and planning groups. Provides miscellaneous administrative support to the BaFA team.  Conducts ad hoc research and analysis and completes special projects as assigned.  Required Qualifications  Bachelor's degree in related area and/or equivalent experience/training. Experienced with thorough knowledge of financial accountng principles, policies, practices, and systems. Proven ability to apply knowledge, analyze and interpret complex policies and regulations. Proven ability to independtly gather reasonably retrievable information to organize, and perform basic financial analysis assignments. Proven numerical, analytical and problem-solvng skills with strong attention to detail. Proven experience in budget management and financial analysis. Experienced computer skills including Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Adobe, email, on-line calendaring and web based applications and systems. Proven ability using spreadsheet and database software for moderate financial analysis, fiscal management, budget projections and financial reports. Proven ability to independtly research information and effectively produce clear, concise correspondence and reports. Proven interpersonal skills at all levels within the unit; excellent service orientation and critical thinking skills; Proven ability to perform accurately and efficiently in a fast paced and high pressure environment. Proven ability to exercise good judgement and discretion, especially with reagrds to sensitive or confidential personnel, financial or organizational matters. Proven ability to function as a member of a team; skills to coordinate, cooperate and plan with committees, other units and collegues.   APPLICANTS ARE REQUIRED TO USE THE UCSC ON-LINE PROCESS View full job description and access on-line application: https://careerspub.universityofcalifornia.edu/psp/ucsc/EMPLOYEE/HRMS/c/HRS_HRAM.HRS_APP_SCHJOB.GBL?Page=HRS_APP_JBPST&Action=U&FOCUS=Applicant&SiteId=11&JobOpeningId=21350&PostingSeq=1  To ensure review of application materials by the hiring unit, they must be submitted on or before the initial review date (IRD) via the Staff Employment Opportunities web site; https://jobs.ucsc.edu. A computer is available at the UC Santa Cruz Staff Human Resources Office located at Scotts Valley Center. The Scotts Valley Center is located at 100 Enterprise Way, Suite E100, Scotts Valley, CA 95066. To learn more or to request disability accommodations, call 831-459-2009. Hearing impaired are encouraged to use the California Relay Service at 800-735-2922. UC Santa Cruz is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  The University of California is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, or protected veteran status. UC Santa Cruz is committed to excellence through diversity and strives to establish a climate that welcomes, celebrates, and promotes respect for the contributions of all students and employees.  jeid-deda42719f87e24ea0b667361bd78f69"
471,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=6c49d9f40aa837ea&fccid=6c6f37e2a6cb4c55&vjs=3,
472,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=d922eb4854e34905&fccid=314d6d2bfc9df32c&vjs=3,
473,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=f6a69b05d7e1dee4&fccid=c282d304d42b2712&vjs=3,"About Us Our mission is to make education accessible, and over the last two decades Study.com has become the leading online education platform delivering a personalized learning experience across a broad continuum of education for over 30 million students, instructors, and professionals every month. As a member of the Study.com team, you’ll help empower millions of learners to achieve their education and career goals. We focus on increasing access to education because we know information is the ultimate equalizer and that education is key to upward mobility. Every minute a learner enrolls in a course and our College Accelerator solution, Study.com has collectively saved students $132 million in college tuition. You’ll also be part of a company dedicated to contributing to society. Study.com has donated $23 million in-kind value across social impact programs, including matching employee contributions to non-profit organizations and millions to help schools during the pandemic. At Study.com, we know that strong communities are built on the power of our diversity and we respect and strive to understand for the diverse identities, race, ethnicities, backgrounds, and perspectives of our team members. And our work and company culture have been consistently recognized, including: Inc. Best Place to Work Fortune Great Places to Work – Best Workplaces in the Bay Area Golden Bridge Awards – Gold Winner, Corporate Social Responsibility San Francisco Business Times & Silicon Valley Business Journal – Best Places to Work As a Senior Financial Analyst at Study.com, you will contribute to the success of the organization by creating actionable insights through financial and operational analysis and reporting. This role reports to the VP of Finance but will work closely with business leaders throughout the organization. The Senior Financial Analyst role is a great opportunity to implement ideas, learn rapidly, be challenged, and grow alongside an organization that is consistently focused on its people and continues to deliver solid growth. The ideal candidate will be comfortable working in a small team, working on multiple projects at a time, and interacting with all levels of leadership. Come join us on our mission and make a difference. About the Senior Financial Analyst Position Responsibilities: Lead preparation of Company budgets and forecasts. Build and maintain top and bottom-line financial forecasts, reporting of key metrics, and ad hoc financial models. Partner with business units to analyze and identify key drivers of risk and opportunities to help maintain an accurate read on quarterly forecast. Prepare monthly / quarterly variance analysis on budget vs. actual Monitor key trends / assumptions on headcount, capital expenditures and operating expenses. Work closely with the accounting team on the monthly close process to ensure timeliness and accuracy of entries. Preparing, reviewing, and analyzing financial statements and reports. Own the financial planning system including: improvements, maintenance, and administration. Create intuitive analytic tools, reports, spreadsheets, and models that utilize a variety of data sources and provide business insights into key SaaS metrics. Identify and implement changes to continually improve the efficiency, effectiveness, and accuracy of planning & analysis activities. Requirements: Bachelor's degree in finance, economics, business, or related field 6+ years of professional experience in a startup or similar role Hands on experience with CPM systems such as Hyperion or Prophix Proficiency with the entire MS Office Suite, PowerPoint, and strong knowledge of Excel Excellent interpersonal skills and strong verbal and written skills Strong problem solving and analytical abilities, with a commitment to consistent excellence in developing and executing analyses while managing multiple projects and priorities successfully. B2C SaaS industry knowledge/experience a plus Please Note: With the current shelter-in-place orders, new employees are being onboarded and working remotely. Once the order is lifted and it’s safe to return to the office, this position will be located in our office in Mountain View, CA. Life at Study.com At Study.com, you'll join an Agile team, making a big impact in a cross-functional, collaborative environment where team members wear different hats and regularly interact with senior leadership. We get things done and move quickly. Study.com’s team members, together with our Study Studio network of instructors, tutors, subject matter experts, video animators, and editors, have developed 1.5 million learning resources on our platform. This includes micro-lessons, videos, flashcards, lesson plans, worksheets and more, fueling 16 million hours of learning engagement a year. We are in the heart of downtown Mountain View, just a few steps from the Caltrain station. And regardless if we are in the office or sheltered at home, we have comprehensive health and wellness benefits. We offer ongoing education and professional growth opportunities, including a life-long membership to Study.com. You can also expect: 100% paid health, vision, and dental insurance for employees 401(k) with employer match 20 - 30 PTO days each year (increases with tenure) 10 paid holidays Work at home setup stipend Company-sponsored gym memberships Free Caltrain Pass Tuition reimbursement and gift matching programs Study.com provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, veteran or disability status. In addition to federal law requirements, Study.com complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. Additionally, qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for the position in accordance with applicable state and local laws.  T534dGli00"
474,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=d72a5b3890a9d826&fccid=442bbab6426502de&vjs=3,
475,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=2de1315c2c6ec195&fccid=a5b4499d9e91a5c6&vjs=3,
476,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=4afdcd918c4b5f8a&fccid=c1099851e9794854&vjs=3,"Summary Posted: Mar 29, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200234965 Do you love thinking analytically? Are you passionate about using your financial knowledge to navigate complex challenges? Just as our customers find value in Apple products, the Finance group finds value for both Apple and its shareholders. As part of this group, you’ll play an integral role in ensuring our day-to-day financial health. You and your team will support Apple’s growth, both top and bottom line, by applying the same level of innovation toward financial matters as we do toward our products and services. You’ll also collaborate with Apple teams across the world to develop more effective investment strategies and risk management. Finance is essential to upholding our global commitment to excellence, and it is directly responsible for shaping the company’s future. Join us, and you’ll have a meaningful role in continuing Apple’s legacy of efficiency and success. Come join Apple Finance as a member of one of the most visible departments in the organization. Come join Apple and be a part of our Corporate FP&A team. Key Qualifications 3+ years of professional Finance experience. Strong Excel, Tableau, SAP Strategic and analytical problem solver with the ability to see the big picture while working in the details and challenged with ambiguity and uncertainty Description We have the following openings in Corporate FP&A: *CORPORATE FP&A SPEND TEAM ANALYST - Manage the corporate monthly spend, headcount and CapEX forecast processes including the quarter end reporting and annual planning processes. - Collaborate with Apple teams across the world to develop more effective investment strategies and risk management. - Oversee the corporate spend forecasting tool and process. *FINANCIAL ANALYST, COMPENSATION & BENEFITS - Supports our Benefits program managers covering costs, including Retirement, Healthcare, Leave, Wellness & Fitness, etc. - Maintain and develop financial forecasting tools and cost center hierarchies. - Analyze and maintain benefits analysis and fringe rate by country; management of international fringe rate across all jurisdictions outside the U.S. *SR. FINANCIAL ANALYST, CORPORATE FP&A - Lead quarterly Profitability forecasting, including communication of deliverables, ensuring completeness and accuracy of input, and management of Profitability modeling. - Extensive collaboration with various Finance functions to understand trends and detailed drivers in order to provide insights, and support Profitability deliverables, dashboards, and ad hoc management requests. - Drive demand unit forecast for one of Apple's key products *SR. FINANCIAL DATA ANALYST, CORPORATE FINANCE - Design, maintain, and innovate database solutions for Corporate FP&A; automate heavy manual or forecasting processes, expedite the production of time-sensitive deliverables. - Will partner with the Data Analytics team to use the database, a customized front-end web tool, Tableau workbooks, and out standard methodologies in order to replicate such solutions for our business partners. - Understand and identify the data needs of finance partners; use SQL to build views that automate lengthly calculations or data manipulation; find opportunities to automate manual processes via SQL, Tableau, and or other tools (Python, etc.) Education & Experience BS or BA in Economics, Business or equivalent"
477,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=577b8ad91fb7dd99&fccid=04c514399d61d015&vjs=3,
478,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=fa18577098df2423&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3," BA or BS in Finance, Accounting, Business, Economics, or a highly analytical field (e.g., Engineering, Math, Computer Science) or equivalent. Minimum 5+ years of finance experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience.  Who we are: Amazon’s sortation centers are the backbone of the middle mile, enabling 1-day delivery for Prime members and delivery 7 days a week for customers. At sort centers, we are focused on improving delivery quality and speed while enabling flexibility and cost savings in the transportation network. Since launching in 2013, Amazon has invested in sort centers to move quickly in order to scale operations with a focus on continuous improvement and benchmarking to drive best in class results. And we are not done yet… sort centers will continue expanding in the years to come and finance will be a critical part of that expansion.  Career Opportunities: This is an exciting opportunity to partner cross-functionally to ensure informed decision making, innovation and sustainability in processes for a growing network. Experience on this team opens up varying career opportunities across Amazon such as transitions to other business lines, project management roles, and/or management opportunities locally, regionally, and globally.  Team Exposure/Scope: This role partners closely with a broad range of leaders across Operations, HR, Capacity Planning, and FP&A. The role focuses on continuous improvement across internal and external stakeholders to define, design and maintain performance measurements, reporting and reviews. A typical day in this role provides an opportunity to lead root-cause analysis and uncover core issues to drive cost reductions with stakeholders, manage, evaluate and create meaningful business reporting, and build and maintain complex financial models and analytical tools to measure overall financial performance.  Success in this role: A successful candidate effectively influences business partners, provides sound and thoughtful decision-making, and manages competing priorities in a quickly changing environment. The candidate should demonstrate strong verbal and written communication skills as direct interaction with leadership is common.  Key Responsibilities:  Identifies basic control risks, evaluates impact, proposes changes, and implements improvements to remediate gaps Delivers weekly/monthly financial close. Uses financial systems and advanced MSExcel functions to work with large data sets. Outputs plans, forecasts, budgets, and consolidations. Works with a variety of data sources. Identifies incomplete or inaccurate data, identifies root causes of data issues, escalates discrepancies, fixes data where possible or partners to deliver a solution. Uses active listening skills intuitively to communicate data (both written and verbal) in a clear, concise, and unambiguous manner. Adjusts style for various audiences to articulate complex finance issues clearly. Identifies and implements solutions to resolve, improve, automate, standardize, or simplify finance processes. Makes thoughtful time management decisions independently. Prioritizes work, resolves issues, meets deadlines, and seeks feedback from your manager. Discerns between urgent and non-urgent issues and acts accordingly to solve them. Drives own self-development in the Finance Community: seeks opportunities to expand finance expertise. Participates in events, initiatives, and projects, then shares gained knowledge in and outside of your team. Contributes to work life harmony by being a positive, collaborative, and effective influencer to new team members as an indicator of operations excellence.  Job Requirements:  Up to 25% travel required Schedule may require occasional work on weekends or holidays. May need to work virtually until corporate guidance changes. Experience working with large-scale data mining and reporting tools (examples: SQL, MS Access, Essbase, Cognos) and other financial systems (examples: Oracle, SAP, Lawson, JD Edwards) MBA and/or Professional certification (CPA/CMA/Qualified Accounting certificate) Previous experience in a Manufacturing, Distribution Center or Logistics processes and systems a plus  Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."
479,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=234034c9b88411ca&fccid=46ea6f509dcaed61&vjs=3,
480,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9841c94bd44da52d&fccid=1639254ea84748b5&vjs=3,"Facebook’s IT Supply Chain is responsible for fulfilling all internal end user IT needs. We build integrated, scalable, and robust processes and systems to manage planning & inventory life cycle. We are currently looking for an experienced, insightful, individual to help define, build, manage and measure global asset management. The successful candidate must be forward-thinking with a strong ability to design and execute products that power the enterprise. You will play a key role in reimagining efficiency by shipping transformative products that serve diverse aspects of the enterprise. This is a full-time position. Lead the ideation, technical development of innovative forecasting and financial planning processes Own the end-to-end forecasting process and modelling systems globally Work with internal business groups to acquire a deep understanding of the products and demand Establish shared vision across the company by building consensus on priorities leading to product execution Define and analyze metrics that inform the success of products Drive automation on an aggressive timeline with a team of world-class engineers and designers Identify the key levers that have the greatest impact on operational efficiencies Maximize efficiency in a constantly evolving environment where the process is fluid and creative solutions are the norm Develop and maintain a well-coordinated internal relationship with key decision makers and with the wider enterprise organization 3+ years of supply chain experience, with focus on forecasting, financial planning and demand planning 2+ years of experience with financial forecasting and planning systems 1+ years of experience optimizing supply chain processes to meet end customer SLA 1+ years of experience tracking budget and variance Bachelor's Degree in Supply Chain or equivalent experience Focus on supply chain design and process automation Experience processing metric driven approach and experiences Focus on compliance and finance and security supply chain concepts Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com."
481,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=eedfce451849e19e&fccid=800f11c47014effe&vjs=3,
482,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=778a83ece8aca36b&fccid=132cf109c4272306&vjs=3,"@HYVE Solutions, missions to help customers, business partners, and employees achieve success through shared goals, strategies, resources and technology solutions. Get Inspired by the Work You’ll Do This position reports to Hyve’s Senior Manager, Financial Operations The deliverables will be Excel reports, analyses and reports with data-based conclusions. The format of the deliverables will be discussed with and agreed by the Worldwide Controller on a project by project basis. The project will require the comparative analysis of internal and external data. Maintain and improve Financial models Perform periodic financial analyses Work closely with accounting to provide input on management reporting needs and better understanding of actuals Produce accurate, consistent and timely reporting by extracting information from various applications and systems, manipulating data and developing user friendly final outputs Ensure reports reconcile to systems of records (e.g. GL Balances) Identify processes that are inefficient and create/change processes that will lead to measurable gains in quality and processing time Monitor and perform monthly variance analyses Produce, maintain, develop, and enhance routine analysis, new analysis, and ad-hoc requests based on business needs Assist the Hyve Senior Manager, Financial Operations with ad hoc projects and tasks, as required Maintain and adhere to internal control policies Your passion is sparked by: Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting/Finance with experience in the manufacturing and/or technology industry required and/or equivalent education and experience Recognized accounting qualification (CPX, CA, CMA, etc.) is desirable Manufacturing or technology experience is essential Supply Chain and Project Management experience would be an advantage Proven project management experience Comfortable working across functions Proven ability to influence people and gain their cooperation Perseverance and tenacity to drive the project to completion Excellent oral and written communication skills A “self-starter”, who will take ownership of the project Advanced knowledge of Excel and Data Manipulation skills Proven project management experience a must Demonstrated self-starter with proven experience managing multiple tasks effectively required Excellent oral and written communication skills with a positive attitude and sense of humor a must Proven proficiencies in MS Word with advanced Excel skills required that brings more automation process. We have great Perks - Every Day is Casual Day • Company Discounts • Community Involvement Opportunities • Profit Sharing • Medical, Dental & Vision Insurance • 401k • FSA & HSA • Paid Vacation, Holiday & Sick Days • Employee Stock Purchase Plan • Tuition Reimbursement • Live Well Work Well Program • And More Be Inspired In Your Career. @ HYVE Solutions , we believe employees are our greatest asset and we empower them to make a difference in our business. Diversity and inclusion make us all better. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status."
483,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1d8e74ce891a03ac&fccid=a0b806ea1a608a4b&vjs=3,"About Second Harvest of Silicon Valley Founded in 1974, Second Harvest of Silicon Valley is one of the largest food banks in the nation and a trusted nonprofit leader in ending local hunger. The organization distributes nutritious groceries through a network of more than 300 partners at drive-thru and walk-up sites across Santa Clara and San Mateo counties. Due to the prohibitively expensive cost of living in Silicon Valley and the economic downturn caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, hunger is at an all-time high. Second Harvest is now serving an average of 500,000 people every month, twice as many people as it reached pre-pandemic. Second Harvest also connects people to federal nutrition programs and other food resources, and advocates for anti-hunger policies on the local, state and national levels. To learn more about how Second Harvest is responding to the incredible amount of need in Silicon Valley, visit shfb.org.  About the Position The Financial Analyst reports to the Director of Finance and is responsible for developing grant budgets, administering our organization budgeting system, partnering with budget managers to assist in developing accurate forecasting methodologies, reviewing budgets and financial reports for accuracy, and providing other ad hoc financial requests as needed. The Financial Analyst will monitor key performance metrics, identify trends, determine root cause, and recommend specific action when appropriate.  In this role, you will be a member of a flexible and supportive work environment that fosters creativity and collaboration. Everyone on the team is passionate about the mission of the organization and doing work that is personally meaningful. Being a local nonprofit gives Second Harvest the flexibility to have a nimble work culture that allows every team member to contribute their skills outside of their specific job function when appropriate and helpful to the overall goals. Using strong interpersonal and communication skills along with advanced analytical skills, the Financial Analyst will develop and maintain positive relationships with colleagues and clients with a strong focus on customer service.  This job might be for you if: You would like to make the world a better place by supporting the community you live in. You want to provide meaningful financial information to those who support our mission. You enjoy identifying financial trends and providing insightful analysis to communicate financial impact. You excel at preparing business modeling and scenario analysis to support project planning. You can steward sensitive information and data with the utmost integrity and confidentiality. You have excellent attention to detail, an inquisitive mind, and you enjoy creating customized reports and analyzing data to find answers to business questions.  Responsibilities: Prepares grant budgets in support of grant proposal financial requirements. Prepares grant financial reporting in support of grant performance metrics. Maintains organization budgeting system by configuring, entering, verifying and backing up data. Assists in the development of forecasting models and preparing schedules of assumptions. Improves financial status by analyzing results; monitoring variances; identifying trends; and recommending actions to management. Provides financial modeling and analysis for projects, new business opportunities and proposals.  The ideal candidate will possess the following professional qualifications: 3-4 years of progressive work experience in Finance, Consulting and/or Accounting roles. (FP&A roles that support complex modeling, analysis, budgeting and forecasting of business impacts / trends preferred). Experience, either paid or voluntary, with a non-profit accounting environment, especially in the grants area, is a plus Advanced financial analysis, forecasting and modeling skills with the ability to translate analysis quickly into practical results. Excellent communication skills with the ability to present analysis and recommendations in verbal and/or written form Ability to multi-task effectively in a fast-paced environment while prioritizing projects to ensure timely deliverables Comfortable working with individuals at all organization levels. Proficient in Excel, Word, PowerPoint. Experience with budgeting and ERP systems. Bachelors Degree, with concentration in Finance, Economics, Accounting or related area required. MBA a plus  Reports To: Director of Finance  Location: Second Harvest of Silicon Valley, Curtner Distribution Center, 750 Curtner Avenue, San Jose, CA 95125  Hours: Full-Time, Exempt.  Compensation: Competitive salary commensurate with experience. Generous health benefits program, Flexible Time Off, ten paid holidays and excellent retirement plan.  EOE UNDER-REPRESENTED GROUPS ARE ENCOURAGED TO APPLY"
484,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=4a167efec6c30e62&fccid=4d5e60fcef60a34d&vjs=3,
485,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=e0fea74dd5ddb00e&fccid=6c6f37e2a6cb4c55&vjs=3,
486,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1bc5718f871733d3&fccid=a19f34e542f56d99&vjs=3,"Financial Analyst III Location: Scotts Valley Job ID: 21350  Initial Review Date (IRD) UC Santa Cruz staff jobs are posted until filled. Application materials submitted by 11:59 pm on the IRD will be routed to the hiring unit for consideration. NOTE: Materials submitted after the IRD will be forwarded only at the request of the hiring unit. Submit your materials before the IRD to ensure consideration by the hiring unit.  The Initial Review Date (IRD) for this job is: 08-09-2021  Dept Marketing Statement Colleges, Housing, and Educational Services (CHES) is a multi-funded organization within the Business and Administrative Services (BAS) division at the University of California (UC) Santa Cruz. CHES provides leadership in the areas of college student life and residential services, housing services, facilities, employee housing and capital planning, dining services, conference services, early education services, the Bay Tree Bookstore, ID card services, and business and financial analysis for these areas.  Business and Financial Analysis (BaFA) provides general oversight of the Colleges, Housing and Educational Services' (CHES) budget, capital management and deployment and division debt and capital obligations. Specific responsibilities include budgeting and fiscal management, human resource management, management analysis, long-range planning and business-operations management. BaFA delivers timely and accurate business plans, financial reports and other financial, business services, and human resource documents and reports as requested. BaFA also provides oversight for development, review, and implementation of financial and human resource policies and procedures.  More information about CHES BaFA can be found at: URL https://ches.ucsc.edu/bafa/index.html  Job Overview  Uses skills as a seasoned, experienced professional with a full understanding of industry practices and organizational policies and procedures; resolves a wide range of issues in imaginative as well as practical ways. Works on problems of diverse scope where analysis of data requires evaluation of identifiable factors. Demonstrates good judgment in selecting methods and techniques for obtaining solutions. Contacts are both internal and external to the department.  Under the general supervision of the Director, Business and Financial Analysis, the Financial Analyst will provide support work related to a variety of fiscal operations within CHES, including financial analysis for the CHES budgets financial projections, monitoring expenditures, reviewing various financial transactions, establishing and administering financial policies and procedures, and reporting financial performance.  Pay, Benefits, & Work Schedule Salary Information: $66,300.00 - $75,000.00 / annually. Salary commensurate with skills, qualifications and experience.  No. of Positions: 1  Benefits Level Eligibility: Full  Schedule Information: Full time, Fixed 100% weekly 40 Hours weekly Mon-Fri Day Shift  Employee Classification: Career  Job End Date: None  Work Location: Scotts Valley  Union Representation: None  Job Code Classification: 007709 - FINANCIAL ANL 3  Job Duties 50% - Financial Planning/ Analysis and Budget Development/ Analysis  Coordinates and develops financial budgets and reports; integrates elements of salary and benefits costs, revenues, and inflation costs.   Applies professional concepts to perform moderate to complex financial analyses for CHES units, including budget and transaction queries for management decision making.  Provides complex analysis for the development of the annual budgets for the Residence Operations Committees.  Evaluates data in financial and budgetary projections, comparing projections to past spending patterns and current projections.  Independently develops and prepares regular and ad hoc financial reports for CHES departments. This process includes running reports, verifying, researching and problem solving using campus financial systems, as appropriate.  Coordinates and develops official monthly, quarterly, annual and ad-hoc reports for CHES.  Monitors and reports on the rate of expenditures of funds, notifies management of trends toward over or under obligation of funds. Analyzes data, develops solutions and presents findings.  Provides recommendations and financial reports to senior mangers and supervisors to support sound financial decision making.  Interacts with staff and managers in Colleges, Housing and Educational Services (CHES), UCSC Financial Affairs, UCSC Planning and Budget, and a variety of UCSC recharge and service units.  20% - Financial Transactions and Reporting  Reviews and approves Purchase Orders and expense payments, including travel, reimbursements and direct payments to vendors. Reviews for accuracy, appropriately assigning and reconciling accounts and appropriate approvals. Monitors payments, assuring timely receipt and accuracy. Researches and resolves any problems/issues.  Reviews entertainment requests and forwards for appropriate approvals. Serves as Event Order Approver (EOA).  Reviews specific budget categories under budgetary review within BaFA.  Reviews and reconciles all administrative and agency account ledgers.  Prepares, processes and authorizes budget and expense transfers as needed.  Produces monthly reports on account activities. Reconciles and provides monthly budget reports to management. Produces various reports of Room and Board income and expense.  Ensures that the appropriate internal controls are addressed, maintained and strengthened to protect University resources.  Manages and completes fiscal closing for unit ensuring that accounts are balanced and cleared.  Responds to financial transaction inquires from units. Performs moderate to complex investigations within financial, budget and payroll systems in order to explain, clarify and/or correct financial transaction items in question. Works with appropriate campus offices to reconcile errors.  Prepares budget presentations for a variety of audiences.  Supports various closing processes and activities.  Provides financial information in a precise, timely and user-friendly manner.  20% - Policy, Procedure and Process Interpretation/ Development and Training  Advises CHES staff and management regarding complex or detailed accounting, purchasing, travel, and entertainment policies and procedures, answers questions, resolves problems and performs research as needed.  Provides policy analysis, advice, and consultation on all matters relating to budget and financial planning. Identifies best practices and proposes improvements, standards and changes in all areas of business and finance to ensure that good financial practices are maintained.  Provides guidance in reading and interpreting financial reports, such as InfoView, to managers, along with reconciliation practices, and identification of errors in data entry and fund usage.   Advises individual managers on application of policy or procedure to individual unit-specific situations.  Attends training sessions as needed to remain knowledgeable of current policies, procedures and use of UC Systems.  Develops and implements trainings for other staff regarding policies and procedures.  Completes policy and procedure documentation for financial and unit activities  Engages in teamwork and coordinates with staff in financial and payroll operations and with other CHES staff.  Reports on analysis and makes recommendations to Financial Manager.  10% - Administrative, Event Support, Special Projects and other duties as assigned  Maintains all files and records according to university policy and audit guidelines. Implements financial, purchasing and fiscal control procedures.  Ensures compliance with all financial controls and adherence to university policy and internal audit guidelines.  As requested, participates in divisional and/or campus committees, workgroups, and planning groups. Provides miscellaneous administrative support to the BaFA team.  Conducts ad hoc research and analysis and completes special projects as assigned.  Required Qualifications  Bachelor's degree in related area and/or equivalent experience/training. Experienced with thorough knowledge of financial accountng principles, policies, practices, and systems. Proven ability to apply knowledge, analyze and interpret complex policies and regulations. Proven ability to independtly gather reasonably retrievable information to organize, and perform basic financial analysis assignments. Proven numerical, analytical and problem-solvng skills with strong attention to detail. Proven experience in budget management and financial analysis. Experienced computer skills including Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Adobe, email, on-line calendaring and web based applications and systems. Proven ability using spreadsheet and database software for moderate financial analysis, fiscal management, budget projections and financial reports. Proven ability to independtly research information and effectively produce clear, concise correspondence and reports. Proven interpersonal skills at all levels within the unit; excellent service orientation and critical thinking skills; Proven ability to perform accurately and efficiently in a fast paced and high pressure environment. Proven ability to exercise good judgement and discretion, especially with reagrds to sensitive or confidential personnel, financial or organizational matters. Proven ability to function as a member of a team; skills to coordinate, cooperate and plan with committees, other units and collegues.   APPLICANTS ARE REQUIRED TO USE THE UCSC ON-LINE PROCESS View full job description and access on-line application: https://careerspub.universityofcalifornia.edu/psp/ucsc/EMPLOYEE/HRMS/c/HRS_HRAM.HRS_APP_SCHJOB.GBL?Page=HRS_APP_JBPST&Action=U&FOCUS=Applicant&SiteId=11&JobOpeningId=21350&PostingSeq=1  To ensure review of application materials by the hiring unit, they must be submitted on or before the initial review date (IRD) via the Staff Employment Opportunities web site; https://jobs.ucsc.edu. A computer is available at the UC Santa Cruz Staff Human Resources Office located at Scotts Valley Center. The Scotts Valley Center is located at 100 Enterprise Way, Suite E100, Scotts Valley, CA 95066. To learn more or to request disability accommodations, call 831-459-2009. Hearing impaired are encouraged to use the California Relay Service at 800-735-2922. UC Santa Cruz is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  The University of California is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, or protected veteran status. UC Santa Cruz is committed to excellence through diversity and strives to establish a climate that welcomes, celebrates, and promotes respect for the contributions of all students and employees.  jeid-deda42719f87e24ea0b667361bd78f69"
487,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=577ff3fc23b1b519&fccid=69c7d55b78dc7424&vjs=3,"It's fun to work in a company where people truly BELIEVE in what they're doing!  We're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business.  Company Overview At Proofpoint, we have a passion for protecting people, data, and brands from today’s advanced threats and compliance risks. We hire the best people in the business to: Build and enhance our proven security platform Blend innovation and speed in a constantly evolving cloud architecture Analyze new threats and offer deep insight through data-driven intel Collaborate with customers to help solve their toughest security challenges We are singularly devoted to helping our customers protect what matters most. That’s why we’re a leader in next-generation cybersecurity—and why more than half of the Fortune 100 trust us as a security partner. The Role We are seeking a highly motivated professional with exceptional analytical and forecasting skills to join our team as Financial Analyst - Revenue/Billings/SaaS. The successful candidate will be a self-motivated, experienced, and highly analytical individual. This is a highly visible role (face time with CFO), that is tasked with topline forecasting and analyzing as it relates to short/long-term revenue, billings, expected renewals, and customer retention. The opportunity reports to the Manager, Financial Planning & Analysis, and will work to develop and refine the design of company-wide revenue, billings, and other top-line performance related reporting processes. You should be comfortable working cross functionally (Finance, Accounting, Sales, Sales Operations, Etc.) to help synch, solve, and implement scale-able processes to help meet the businesses growing demands. The role requires an execution-focused candidate who can quickly become familiar with our SaaS business and associated metrics and is able to support meaningful business decisions through in-depth analysis. The right culture fit will balance a process-oriented, analytical approach with a strategic point of view and a mentality to win. Your day-to-day Gather, consolidate, and analyze key operating, financial, and sales performance results – including in-depth analysis of revenue and bookings trends, expected renewals and customer retention, variance analysis and retention analysis in support of internal and external reporting Perform data analytics on key SaaS metrics, identifying new leading indicators, and provide executive level insights Forecast short-term and long-term revenue and billings outlook with a good understanding of accounting principles (606) Contribute to annual and quarterly planning and forecasting processes and long-range strategic planning - Billings, Revenue, etc. Build and maintain complex business and forecast models used to drive business insights and help support informed recommendations to management Build dashboards to reduce redundant tasks and bring new insight about the business for management Perform ad hoc financial analysis and prepare reports and presentations for executives and Board of Directors meetings Improve and develop business processes to help scale a rapidly growing business What you bring to the team 2-3 years of experience in financial analysis or comparable analytical role at a high growth public tech company - preferably SaaS software BA/BS degree with strong academic record – preferably in Economics/Business/Finance; commensurate real-world experience in any of these areas Knowledge of revenue accounting standards including ASC 606 a plus Proven experience in managing large datasets, developing insights from ambiguous data and recommending team decisions Exceptional attention to detail and sound business judgement Superior statistical, analytical, and data modeling skills including advanced proficiency in Excel (pivot tables, Index Matches etc.) and the ability to quickly manipulate and analyze large data sets and build reports Working knowledge of Salesforce.com, Adaptive Planning, RevPro, PowerBI and Microsoft 365 a plus Strong interpersonal, organizational, and communication skills a must #LI-JR1 If you like wild growth and working with happy, enthusiastic over-achievers, you'll enjoy your career with us!"
488,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=555f8b2a590dcf8a&fccid=a5b4499d9e91a5c6&vjs=3,
489,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=577b8ad91fb7dd99&fccid=04c514399d61d015&vjs=3,
490,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1d8e74ce891a03ac&fccid=a0b806ea1a608a4b&vjs=3,"About Second Harvest of Silicon Valley Founded in 1974, Second Harvest of Silicon Valley is one of the largest food banks in the nation and a trusted nonprofit leader in ending local hunger. The organization distributes nutritious groceries through a network of more than 300 partners at drive-thru and walk-up sites across Santa Clara and San Mateo counties. Due to the prohibitively expensive cost of living in Silicon Valley and the economic downturn caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, hunger is at an all-time high. Second Harvest is now serving an average of 500,000 people every month, twice as many people as it reached pre-pandemic. Second Harvest also connects people to federal nutrition programs and other food resources, and advocates for anti-hunger policies on the local, state and national levels. To learn more about how Second Harvest is responding to the incredible amount of need in Silicon Valley, visit shfb.org.  About the Position The Financial Analyst reports to the Director of Finance and is responsible for developing grant budgets, administering our organization budgeting system, partnering with budget managers to assist in developing accurate forecasting methodologies, reviewing budgets and financial reports for accuracy, and providing other ad hoc financial requests as needed. The Financial Analyst will monitor key performance metrics, identify trends, determine root cause, and recommend specific action when appropriate.  In this role, you will be a member of a flexible and supportive work environment that fosters creativity and collaboration. Everyone on the team is passionate about the mission of the organization and doing work that is personally meaningful. Being a local nonprofit gives Second Harvest the flexibility to have a nimble work culture that allows every team member to contribute their skills outside of their specific job function when appropriate and helpful to the overall goals. Using strong interpersonal and communication skills along with advanced analytical skills, the Financial Analyst will develop and maintain positive relationships with colleagues and clients with a strong focus on customer service.  This job might be for you if: You would like to make the world a better place by supporting the community you live in. You want to provide meaningful financial information to those who support our mission. You enjoy identifying financial trends and providing insightful analysis to communicate financial impact. You excel at preparing business modeling and scenario analysis to support project planning. You can steward sensitive information and data with the utmost integrity and confidentiality. You have excellent attention to detail, an inquisitive mind, and you enjoy creating customized reports and analyzing data to find answers to business questions.  Responsibilities: Prepares grant budgets in support of grant proposal financial requirements. Prepares grant financial reporting in support of grant performance metrics. Maintains organization budgeting system by configuring, entering, verifying and backing up data. Assists in the development of forecasting models and preparing schedules of assumptions. Improves financial status by analyzing results; monitoring variances; identifying trends; and recommending actions to management. Provides financial modeling and analysis for projects, new business opportunities and proposals.  The ideal candidate will possess the following professional qualifications: 3-4 years of progressive work experience in Finance, Consulting and/or Accounting roles. (FP&A roles that support complex modeling, analysis, budgeting and forecasting of business impacts / trends preferred). Experience, either paid or voluntary, with a non-profit accounting environment, especially in the grants area, is a plus Advanced financial analysis, forecasting and modeling skills with the ability to translate analysis quickly into practical results. Excellent communication skills with the ability to present analysis and recommendations in verbal and/or written form Ability to multi-task effectively in a fast-paced environment while prioritizing projects to ensure timely deliverables Comfortable working with individuals at all organization levels. Proficient in Excel, Word, PowerPoint. Experience with budgeting and ERP systems. Bachelors Degree, with concentration in Finance, Economics, Accounting or related area required. MBA a plus  Reports To: Director of Finance  Location: Second Harvest of Silicon Valley, Curtner Distribution Center, 750 Curtner Avenue, San Jose, CA 95125  Hours: Full-Time, Exempt.  Compensation: Competitive salary commensurate with experience. Generous health benefits program, Flexible Time Off, ten paid holidays and excellent retirement plan.  EOE UNDER-REPRESENTED GROUPS ARE ENCOURAGED TO APPLY"
491,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=234034c9b88411ca&fccid=46ea6f509dcaed61&vjs=3,
492,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=dabb0c4e5d442983&fccid=34dabf27186b0249&vjs=3,"About Second Harvest of Silicon Valley Founded in 1974, Second Harvest of Silicon Valley is one of the largest food banks in the nation and a trusted nonprofit leader in ending local hunger. The organization distributes nutritious groceries through a network of more than 300 partners at drive-thru and walk-up sites across Santa Clara and San Mateo counties. Due to the prohibitively expensive cost of living in Silicon Valley and the economic downturn caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, hunger is at an all-time high. Second Harvest is now serving an average of 500,000 people every month, twice as many people as it reached pre-pandemic. Second Harvest also connects people to federal nutrition programs and other food resources, and advocates for anti-hunger policies on the local, state and national levels. To learn more about how Second Harvest is responding to the incredible amount of need in Silicon Valley, visit shfb.org. About the Position The Financial Analyst reports to the Director of Finance and is responsible for developing grant budgets, administering our organization budgeting system, partnering with budget managers to assist in developing accurate forecasting methodologies, reviewing budgets and financial reports for accuracy, and providing other ad hoc financial requests as needed. The Financial Analyst will monitor key performance metrics, identify trends, determine root cause, and recommend specific action when appropriate. In this role, you will be a member of a flexible and supportive work environment that fosters creativity and collaboration. Everyone on the team is passionate about the mission of the organization and doing work that is personally meaningful. Being a local nonprofit gives Second Harvest the flexibility to have a nimble work culture that allows every team member to contribute their skills outside of their specific job function when appropriate and helpful to the overall goals. Using strong interpersonal and communication skills along with advanced analytical skills, the Financial Analyst will develop and maintain positive relationships with colleagues and clients with a strong focus on customer service. This job might be for you if: You would like to make the world a better place by supporting the community you live in. You want to provide meaningful financial information to those who support our mission. You enjoy identifying financial trends and providing insightful analysis to communicate financial impact. You excel at preparing business modeling and scenario analysis to support project planning. You can steward sensitive information and data with the utmost integrity and confidentiality. You have excellent attention to detail, an inquisitive mind, and you enjoy creating customized reports and analyzing data to find answers to business questions. Responsibilities: Prepares grant budgets in support of grant proposal financial requirements. Prepares grant financial reporting in support of grant performance metrics. Maintains organization budgeting system by configuring, entering, verifying and backing up data. Assists in the development of forecasting models and preparing schedules of assumptions. Improves financial status by analyzing results; monitoring variances; identifying trends; and recommending actions to management. Provides financial modeling and analysis for projects, new business opportunities and proposals. The ideal candidate will possess the following professional qualifications: 3-4 years of progressive work experience in Finance, Consulting and/or Accounting roles. (FP&A roles that support complex modeling, analysis, budgeting and forecasting of business impacts / trends preferred). Experience, either paid or voluntary, with a non-profit accounting environment, especially in the grants area, is a plus Advanced financial analysis, forecasting and modeling skills with the ability to translate analysis quickly into practical results. Excellent communication skills with the ability to present analysis and recommendations in verbal and/or written form Ability to multi-task effectively in a fast-paced environment while prioritizing projects to ensure timely deliverables Comfortable working with individuals at all organization levels. Proficient in Excel, Word, PowerPoint. Experience with budgeting and ERP systems. Bachelors Degree, with concentration in Finance, Economics, Accounting or related area required. MBA a plus Reports To: Director of Finance  Location: Second Harvest of Silicon Valley, Curtner Distribution Center, 750 Curtner Avenue, San Jose, CA 95125 Hours: Full-Time, Exempt. Compensation: Competitive salary commensurate with experience. Generous health benefits program, Flexible Time Off, ten paid holidays and excellent retirement plan. EOE UNDER-REPRESENTED GROUPS ARE ENCOURAGED TO APPLY"
493,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=7b194fb667ad569a&fccid=a5b4499d9e91a5c6&vjs=3,
494,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=de4e6460658681b6&fccid=c1099851e9794854&vjs=3,"Summary Posted: Jul 1, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200251003 Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish! Do you love thinking analytically? Are you passionate about using your financial knowledge to navigate complex challenges? Just as our customers find value in Apple products, the Finance group finds value for both Apple and its shareholders. As part of this group, you’ll play an integral role in ensuring our day-to-day financial health. You and your team will support Apple’s growth, both top and bottom line, by applying the same level of innovation toward financial matters as we do toward our products and services. You’ll also collaborate with Apple teams across the world to develop more effective investment strategies and risk management. Finance is essential to upholding our global commitment to excellence, and it is directly responsible for shaping the company’s future. Join us, and you’ll have a meaningful role in continuing Apple’s legacy of efficiency and success. Apple’s Demand Forecast and Analysis group is seeking a Financial Analyst to support the US Channel business. You should be highly motivated, team oriented, and a process driven individual who will become a dedicated business partner supporting our Controller, Sales Directors, Route-to-Market Finance, WW Sales Finance, Sales Operations, Supply Demand Management and Reseller Operations. You will be able to work both independently and also be a phenomenal teammate. You should have the ability to effectively and thoroughly analyze data, present the findings in a clear, concise manner and communicate the key take-aways in an executive style. Key Qualifications 3+ years of corporate finance experience, or related forecast/planning experience Strong verbal, written, and visual interpersonal skills Demonstrated success in balancing multiple activities/projects, priorities, and people in a dynamic, fast-growing, results-driven environment Ability to communicate complex analysis in clear and concise manner Should be able to act independently and be proactive Exhibit the highest standards of accuracy and strong organizational skills Confirmed analytical and problem solving skills Proven ability to build effective business partnerships in a cross-functional organization Ability to see the big picture while simultaneously zooming into the details Ability to work under tight deadlines and deal with ambiguity Self-starting attitude and be a strong leader and influencer Excel Specialist (Macro experience preferred) Keynote/presentation skills Experience with Demantra, Business Objects, Tableau and Essbase Description THE POSITION REQUIRES: - Financial modeling, reporting and market analysis, and written and verbal presentations to senior management and executives. - Forecasting weekly sell through, sell in and channel inventory by analyzing performance to date and assessing potential risks and opportunities - Proposing detailed revisions to current quarter forecast on weekly basis and explaining internal and external drivers and financial impact - Quantifying the uplifts associated with promotional offers and sizing the non-promotional baseline demand used for sales negotiations - Building quarterly unit forecast for future quarters and tracking and understanding business performance against it and reasons for performance variances - Understanding the US Channel business and strategy, and how variables such as historical performance, seasonality, promotions, sales initiatives and macro economic environment affect current business trends - Becoming the subject matter authority on understanding the consumer electronics industry staying up to speed with the various competitor launches/promotions and service plan offerings. - Standard reporting and ad-hoc analysis by building and managing scalable excel models (Tableau and Business Objects experienced preferred) - Supporting ongoing development of Apple’s business support systems Education & Experience BA/BS degree plus 5 years experience, MBA preferred"
495,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ff7041bac9b7d891&fccid=73ceef0a2153d2b8&vjs=3,
496,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8a60f66b14282985&fccid=1ba7f338730ce720&vjs=3,"Welcome to Land, Buildings & Real Estate: Land, Buildings & Real Estate (LBRE) is the operational core of Stanford University’s physical campus. LBRE constructs and maintains the Stanford campus, where advancements across the academic spectrum are made possible. Our work is founded upon the collective value of dedication, innovation, expertise, teamwork, and continuous improvement. We are committed to serving the university’s academic mission, as well as preserving and enhancing Stanford’s 8,180 acres, and pride ourselves on supporting the teaching and research of the university as “Caretakers of a Legacy.""  Who We Are: Finance & Administration (F&A) provides the foundation for Land, Buildings & Real Estate (LBRE) operations including budgets, capital funding coordination and documentation, information technology systems, authority and approvals, internal controls, compliance, accounting and reporting and human resources for LBRE. We are the liaison with other university financial departments, Research Administration, Human Resources, the Cabinet and Board of Trustees. Within F&A is the Finance for Operations group, which is comprised of three teams: Financial Planning & Analysis (FP&A), Finance Operations (FinOps) and Finance P2P. This position is part of the FP&A team.  Who you are: You have a passion for all things math, systems and business. You realized that Finance perfectly blends these together and this is why you pursued a career in Finance! You are also a financial analyst who is highly analytical and communicates effectively with anyone within an organization. You possess strong interpersonal communication skills both written and verbal. You have a proven track record of using analysis to influence decision-making, and can successfully articulate insights and outcomes to executives and peers. That means that you can take financial data and translate that into a story that is understandable for our non-technical staff and leave the financial jargon out of it when necessary.  You are more than comfortable with technology, both financial systems and non-financial systems. You have used Adaptive Planning before, but even if you haven’t, that’s ok because you have the agility to learn new things and require minimal supervision after that. You embrace technology as you realize that it is a perfect complement to financial data analysis.  Proactive monitoring of transactions is second nature to you, not only that but you are able to interpret internal policies, rules and compliance along with external regulations to ensure that the proper action is taken. You understand the importance of strong internal controls and use that knowledge to make processes better.  You can Identify and resolve unique issues with substantial significance; recognize exceptions, conduct in-depth analysis using advanced technical knowledge and experience. You possess excellent excel skills and use it creatively to analyze data, develop complex budget and planning scenarios.  You like to share your knowledge with others because you thrive in a collaborative environment. While you may be new to a role or even new to using a system, once you learn it, you enjoy sharing that knowledge with team members.  You are meticulously detail oriented, insatiably curious, and full of integrity.  Who will you support: There are many departments at LBRE, your primary focus will be on, but not limited to, Facilities Operations. Facilities Operations is responsible for maintaining the academic buildings and grounds of the Stanford campus and is the operations and maintenance side of the Land, Buildings & Real Estate organization. Facilities Operations functions as stewards of campus physical assets and provider of support services.  What work will you do**: Financial planning and analysis for various BGM and SEM departments; develop detailed annual budget, full-mid-year reforecast, capital plan, critically investigate and write up informative variance explanations. Interpret, implement and ensure compliance with university policies and procedures (particularly as related to service centers and various fund types) Perform highly analytical, complex finance and control functions; multi-dimensional and complex reconciliations and related analysis; prepare or review and approve complex transactions and higher level dollar value transactions. Research, and synthesize data; interpolate results from large amounts of data, identify trends in data, draw conclusions, develop solutions, present and implement recommendations, and create follow up analysis. Develop complex budget and forecasting scenarios, long-range planning and analyses for financial reporting and presentations; design and run ad hoc reports. Identify and resolve unique issues with substantial significance; recognize exceptions, and conduct in-depth analysis using advanced technical knowledge and experience. Recommend and develop solutions that may require policy changes or the development of new processes; maintain broader organizational and university perspective in decision making. Review, design, and implement appropriate internal control programs, research new regulations, and implement approved changes. Manage compliance program for area of responsibility, interpret internal policy and external regulations, and create and/or review complex compliance reports. Lead and execute unit or cross functional projects and teams, make decisions regarding projects and programs affecting operational effectiveness, policies, or processes. Engage in continuous critical analysis of existing systems and processes; make recommendations to achieve greater efficiencies and improve internal controls. Define requirements, develop and implement complex test cases, perform testing and analyze results. Lead and support unit and organization strategy and change management initiatives. Provide training on new financial systems. Represent organization to client group(s) and external partners; serve as subject matter expert on matters that involve complex technical, financial, or subject matter expertise. Assess client and business needs, and formulate recommendations to determine approach to managing and completing processes. May supervise, train, coach, and review the work of other staff, as needed. Contribute primarily through applying individual expertise This and many other financial adventures await your arrival…  **Additional duties as applicable to the role What we are looking for: You have a Bachelor’s degree in Business, Finance, Accounting or Economics and six years of relevant experience or combination of education and relevant experience. You are proficient with excel – advanced formula use. Advanced proficiency in business applications, such as Microsoft Office Suite, especially Excel. Knowledge of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Demonstrated knowledge of financial systems and aptitude to learn new systems Strong verbal and written communication, and presentation skills Excellent analytical skills and ability to work independently and as a team player Proven ability to perform with a high degree of accuracy under tight deadlines and ability to effectively multitask. Strong project management skills and ability to contribute to or lead part of a multi-functional team.  Preferred but not required: Proficiency with Oracle systems in general Proficiency with Adaptive Planning MBA or CPA  Why Stanford is for You Imagine a world without search engines or social platforms. Consider lives saved through first-ever organ transplants and research to cure illnesses. Stanford University has revolutionized the way we live and enrich the world. Supporting this mission is our diverse and dedicated 17,000 staff. We seek talent driven to impact the future of our legacy. Check out the Our culture and unique perks empower you with: Freedom to grow. We offer career development programs, tuition reimbursement, or audit a course. Join a TedTalk, film screening, or listen to a renowned author or global leader speak. A caring culture. We provide superb retirement plans, generous time-off, and family care resources. A healthier you. Climb our rock wall, or choose from hundreds of health or fitness classes at our world-class exercise facilities. We also provide excellent health care benefits. Discovery and fun. Stroll through historic sculptures, trails, and museums. Enviable resources. Enjoy free commuter programs, ridesharing incentives, discounts and more!  How to Apply We invite you to apply by clicking on the “Apply for Job” button. Don’t forget to attach your resume.  Stanford is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.  Consistent with its obligations under the law, the University will provide reasonable accommodation to any employee with a disability who requires accommodation to perform the essential functions of the job.  The job duties listed are typical examples of work performed by positions in this job classification and are not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, tasks, and responsibilities. Specific duties and responsibilities may vary depending on department or program needs without changing the general nature and scope of the job or level of responsibility. Employees may also perform other duties as assigned.  Final offers of employment are contingent upon successful completion of national criminal background check, national sex offender registry search and, where applicable, driving record."
497,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=7d47205b6a369d4d&fccid=a5b4499d9e91a5c6&vjs=3,
498,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=19dd8684631e3c1a&fccid=332867063ca4196c&vjs=3,
499,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=41044717c06a399b&fccid=abf5abce7eb2fbd3&vjs=3,
500,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=e237614c75947294&fccid=88f5d9a70576ec2a&vjs=3,
501,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=48a51cb66a5762c5&fccid=4ba69d95879fd3e1&vjs=3,"Position Title: Sr. Financial Analyst  Harmonic, the worldwide leader in software-based cable access and video delivery solutions, enables media companies and service providers to deliver ultra-high-quality streaming and broadcast services to consumers globally. We revolutionized cable access networking via the industry’s first virtualized cable access solution, enabling cable operators to more flexibly and efficiently deploy gigabit internet service to consumers’ homes and mobile devices. Whether simplifying sreaming via innovative SaaS platforms and software-based appliances or powering the delivery of gigabit internet services, we are changing the way media companies and service providers monetize live and on-demand content on every screen. More information is available at www.harmonicinc.com Role Description Reporting to the VP Financial Planning & Analysis based in San Jose (USA), the Financial Analyst will support our global G&A operating expenses, the company bonus calculation, as well as the consolidation of company-wide financial information.  This role is a partner to Support functions across the organization. What you will be doing: Establish positive relationships with G&A respective leadership teams (General Counsel, CFO, HR and Accounting) allowing you to build a nuanced understanding of data inputs and outputs. Support and assist in developing annual Budget, quarterly and monthly financial forecasts, and ongoing analysis of actuals versus plan and/or forecast Provide Flux Analysis to Accounting team on a monthly basis Partner with accounting and department heads to understand operating and capital expense results and business drivers during month-end close process Prepare monthly accruals and post to Oracle Manage company-wide bonus program as it relates to calculation of attainment. Prepare reports in Adaptive Insights (our primary budgeting tool) for purposes of analysis, consolidation, etc. Prepare, consolidate and maintain Company quarterly and annual budget package; work with global FP&A and Accounting teams to provide their inputs Work with HR on annual basis to prepare country-specific fringe rates to be used in all Functions for budgeting purposes Partner with outside consultants to continuously improve our budgeting and reporting processes (with Adaptive Insights) Provide support for ad-hoc projects, analysis and business cases as requested What you should have: Master degree or equivalent, and at least 5 years of relevant finance experience Strong verbal and written communication skills Fluency in English Great attention to detail Excellent analytical and modeling skills including advanced proficiency in Excel and the ability to quickly manipulate and analyze large data sets Hands on, results-oriented and comfortable navigating systems to get the right data Comfortable meeting tight deadlines and managing priorities Experience of Oracle Cloud and/or Adaptive Insights is a plus At Harmonic, we believe that building and nurturing a global team with diverse backgrounds and voices is critical to our success. Together, we achieve excellence through creativity and innovation, build relationships based on integrity and mutual respect, and deliver the highest quality in every aspect of our business for the benefit of our employees, business partners and shareholders. Harmonic is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of gender, race, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, religion, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity or gender expression, veteran status, or marital status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, we will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities."
502,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ed70af64c5e45583&fccid=02c3642d72b15da7&vjs=3,"A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits. Review our benefits Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered."
503,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=7cf48765b2ffed94&fccid=c709a604172e14f4&vjs=3,
504,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9ca9e18f58acf869&fccid=978d9fd9799d55a8&vjs=3,"Who we are: Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 392 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies. Job Description Summary: We have a current opening for an Investment Analyst to Join the PayPal Ventures team in San Jose. This position reports to the the Vice President and Global Head of Corporate Development and Ventures of PayPal. Job Description: Lead and develop strategic investment opportunities for PayPal globally – from idea to proposal to deal execution– taking a holistic, cross-functional approach Own all aspects of the deal, including sourcing, qualification, initial rationale/pitch, financial modeling, due diligence and closing activities Lead and coordinate a cross-functional deal team within PayPal as well as serve as a primary point of contact to target portfolio company management Ambitiously identify and qualify new ideas & companies for PayPal from internal & external sources; keeping close ties to PayPal executives and industry leaders (entrepreneurs, investors and bankers) Requirements: 4+ years in Corporate Development, Private Equity, Venture Capital, Investment Banking, or Management Consulting Experience in Product Management, Product Marketing, Operations or Business Development at a technology company is a major plus Experience in a deal environment as well as an operational one where people leadership was required Strong analytical skills, fluency in performing rigorous financial, valuation and broad quantitative analyses and familiarity with accounting & key operational metrics Strong written and oral communication skills – able to clearly and concisely explain concepts and investment theses Adept with technology and a strategic thinker – knows what’s best for the business Excellent judgment, mature personality, and experience working with executives Strong network in the technology and venture capital community Team player, pro-active and action oriented, anticipates needs, organized, is assertive, and is highly accountable We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom. PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities."
505,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=cf082290b8912374&fccid=2dc2f35c3405a529&vjs=3,"Position summary The Sr. Financial Analyst is a key member of the Corporate Finance team, reporting to the Senior Corporate FP&A Manager. This position will act as direct business partner with business leaders and is responsible for development of accurate headcount, expense and capital budgets/forecasts, month-end FP&A close activities, and management reporting. Additionally, the role partners with the leadership teams in supporting business decision making by providing financial analysis and accurate forecasting explaining the business results. A strong teammate, the owner of this role brings business acumen, analytical power and a results-oriented mentality. High sense of integrity, good communication skills, great attention to detail and a proven ability to work with senior leaders are essential qualities for a successful candidate Essential job responsibilities: Evaluate results to plan, drive variance analysis and provide partnership to HR, Legal, DBS, and Business Transformation and other G&A business leaders to execute on plan; analyze historical, current, and projected financial data for use in planning, forecasting, and management decision making. Perform in-depth financial & operational analysis and quarterly/annual forecast modeling, including operating expenses, headcount and capital, to accelerate future business planning decisions for HR, Legal, DBS, and Business Transformation and other G&A business leaders. Establish a regular cadence with business partners to review monthly actuals, analyze forecast variance, identify trends and provide recommendations to drive forecast execution and accuracy. Actively participate in cross-functional projects designed to solve business problems and improve profitability. Responsible for month-end, quarter-end and year-end FP&A close activities, including preparation of journal entries, and forecast activities related to headcount, capital, consulting and operating expenses. Review the purchase requisitions in iBuy to validate the proper funding and accuracy of GL accounts and cost centers. Minimum Qualifications: B.S degree in finance, accounting, economics or equivalent 5 years of relevant financial planning and analysis experience Understand standard accounting principles and policy and get along with global accounting and financial partners to maintain accurate financial processes, procedures and controls. Preferred Qualifications: Advanced user in MS Excel Experience in iBuy and SAP and OneStream preferred. Experience in BPC preferred, but not required  When you join us, you’ll also be joining Danaher’s global organization, where 69,000 people wake up every day determined to help our customers win. As an associate, you’ll try new things, work hard, and advance your skills with guidance from dedicated leaders, all with the support of powerful Danaher Business System tools and the stability of a tested organization."
506,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=54e8ea3a6d5167ae&fccid=ed40685c808174c9&vjs=3,"Overview:  SMART is a leading independent designer, manufacturer and supplier of electronic subsystems to OEMs engaged in the computer, industrial, networking, telecommunications, aerospace and defense markets. Taking innovations from the design stage through manufacturing and supply, SMART Modular Technologies has developed a comprehensive product line that includes DRAM and Flash memory technologies across various form factors. SMART's presence in the U.S., Europe, Asia, and Latin America enables it to provide its customers with proven expertise in international logistics, asset management, and supply-chain management worldwide. Responsibilities:  Summary SMART is looking for a Sr. Financial Analyst to join our US Finance team. We are seeking a driven, team player who pays attention to detail with excellent organization and communication skills. This Financial Analyst will be responsible for a variety of month end closing relating duties along with financial forecasting and budgeting. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Analysis business unit reporting within a matrix organization. Responsible for Business unit analytics including gross margin and P&L analysis. Responsible for month-end and quarter-end close and ensure journal entries are accounted for accurately and in accordance with US GAAP. Responsible for maintaining financial for multiple sites. Complete month-end reconciliations and quarterly analytics and flux analysis accurately and in timely manner. Prepare weekly forecast, quarterly hardcall, and annual budget. Maintain and document all general ledger entries as part of SOX Compliance requirement. Assist in interim and annual audits with external auditors. Other finance related ad-hoc support Important Skills:  Job Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Proficiency in preparing and analyzing monthly financial statement. Candidate will possess the following skills: strong analytical skills, self-motivated, detailed, strong communicator, strong time management / organizational skills, a self-starter with ability to adapt to changing priorities. Willingness to perform other duties as assigned. Experience/Education Bachelor’s degree in accounting or related field; Graduate degree preferred. Over 5 years of general ledger and FP&A experience. Knowledge and experience in GL required. Strong knowledge of MS Excel required, with SAP and BPC experience highly desirable. Interview process includes completing our employment application forms. All offers of employment are contingent upon a successful background check, and proof of legal status to work in the U.S. We utilize E-Verify. SMART Modular Technologies is strongly committed to all policies which will afford equal opportunity employment to all qualified persons without regard to age, national origin, race, ethnicity, creed, gender, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law."
507,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9360571168b58d9b&fccid=9ac45d217f8342a1&vjs=3,
508,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=4561346ed00ef7df&fccid=cb373231e99eaeac&vjs=3,"Position Summary, Responsibilities and Expectations: You are a highly analytical individual with good business sense, excellent judgment and a practical approach to data and solutions. You are perceptive, relentlessly curious, a fast learner and move quickly in a proactive fashion. As a member of the FP&A team you will be providing end-to-end finance support to business groups, including opex and capex forecasting, monthly close, and headcount planning. You will build strong relationships with business groups, driving insights into monthly variances, leading quarterly forecasts, and annual planning processes. Responsibilities: Support business teams with analysis, forecasting, budgeting, investigating of variances and projects Coordinate and monitor data input, consolidation, reporting and analysis of OPEX submissions Help ensure data quality/accuracy and drive resolution of gaps Understand and provide business teams with financial data including recommendations to improve results and processes Support quarterly financial review/reporting process and presentations for executives and BOD Streamline processes and automate business reporting Essential Skills and Experience: Smart, enthusiastic, can-do attitude Big picture perspective yet strong attention to detail Strong business acumen and executive presence Strong interpersonal skills Team working skills and ability to manage deliverables in a rapidly changing environment Essential Requirements: 5+ years of experience in FP&A, investment banking, consulting other similar finance roles BS Finance, Accounting, or other analytical fields MBA preferred High aptitude and experience with business analytics, large data sets and reporting tools. Excel wizard FP&A subject matter expert Advantageous: Oracle, EPBCS/Hyperion, PowerBI Consumer electronics industry experience Experience with contra revenue in a channel selling environment Process-oriented, use a structured approach to problems and work Ability to anticipate issues/needs and drive solutions"
509,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=6b38ab396d41e0c6&fccid=b11a318411580b5b&vjs=3,"Company Description At Western Digital, our vision is to power global innovation and push the boundaries of technology to make what you thought was once impossible, possible. At our core, Western Digital is a company of problem solvers. People achieve extraordinary things given the right technology. For decades, we’ve been doing just that. Our technology helped people put a man on the moon. We are a key partner to some of the largest and highest growth organizations in the world. From energizing the most competitive gaming platforms, to enabling systems to make cities safer and cars smarter and more connected, to powering the data centers behind many of the world’s biggest companies and public cloud, Western Digital is fueling a brighter, smarter future. Binge-watch any shows, use social media or shop online lately? You’ll find Western Digital supporting the storage infrastructure behind many of these platforms. And, that flash memory card that captures and preserves your most precious moments? That’s us, too. We offer an expansive portfolio of technologies, storage devices and platforms for business and consumers alike. Our data-centric solutions are comprised of the Western Digital®, G-Technology™, SanDisk® and WD® brands. Today’s exceptional challenges require your unique skills. It’s You & Western Digital. Together, we’re the next BIG thing in data.  Job Description The coordinator role is responsible for overseeing the flash standard cost planning processes. The main objective is to lead and work with a team of analysts to ensure the successful end to end quarterly standard cost update in our planning tool and ERP system. The role works closely with all product cost stakeholders including HQ Manufacturing Finance, Factory Finance, Product Engineering and Test Engineering, Procurement, BU teams etc. and serves as a key facilitator to the overall finance planning process. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: 1. Manage/communicate quarterly standard cost forecast calendar/activities/processes. a. Work with corporate consolidations and BU teams to understand overall financial planning calendar requirements. b. Coordinate with Procurement, Engineering, Factory Finance, and HQ cost teams to determine related standard cost calendar, activities and processes. 2. Manage SAP BPC software for standard cost planning; work with cost accounting to update SAP standard cost quarterly. 3. Manage massive data inputs to be used for standard cost planning; design process and work closely with a variety of stakeholders (BU Marketing, Product Engineer, Test Engineer, Program Manager, Procurement, etc.) to make sure accurate assumptions used for standard cost planning. 4. Review, analyze and communicate standard cost change to a variety of stakeholders 5. Support monthly rolling forecast and quarterly actual close, analyze flash product cost performance metric for executive presentations. 6. Support operations business partners with financial analysis and decision making. 7. Work with program managers to support new product cost assessment. 8. Suggest and implement process improvements to the forecast, standard cost, and numerous metrics and reports. 9. Drive standardization across disparate financial practices and consolidation methodologies 10. Ad hoc requests assigned by managers.  Qualifications REQUIRED: Minimum 7 years manufacturing experience (in Operations, Engineering, or Finance), preferably in HDD, semiconductors, or consumer electronic assembly. High level of complex data analytics required. Must have robust command of Excel and experience to implement/manage data analytic tools. Excellent communication skills. Lead diverse audiences through your multifaceted analysis. Proven record of cross-functional teamwork. Flexible, collaborative, and a dynamic team-player who can work with all personalities and still maintain a sense of calm under pressure. Passion for knowledge and learning. Bachelor’s degree required. MBA or Masters in a science-based discipline preferred Additional Information Western Digital is committed to providing equal opportunities to all applicants and employees and will not discriminate based on their race, color, ancestry, religion (including religious dress and grooming standards), sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, breastfeeding or related medical conditions), gender (including a person’s gender identity, gender expression, and gender-related appearance and behavior, whether or not stereotypically associated with the person’s assigned sex at birth), age, national origin, sexual orientation, medical condition, marital status (including domestic partnership status), physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, protected medical and family care leave, Civil Air Patrol status, military and veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. We also prohibit harassment of any individual on any of the characteristics listed above. Our non-discrimination policy applies to all aspects of employment. We comply with the laws and regulations set forth in the Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law poster. Western Digital thrives on the power and potential of diversity. As a global company, we believe the most effective way to embrace the diversity of our customers and communities is to mirror it from within. We believe the fusion of various perspectives results in the best outcomes for our employees, our company, our customers, and the world around us. We are committed to an inclusive environment where every individual can thrive through a sense of belonging, respect and contribution. Western Digital is committed to offering opportunities to applicants with disabilities and ensuring all candidates can successfully navigate our careers website and our hiring process. Please contact us at staffingsupport@wdc.com to advise us of your accommodation request. In your email, please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting as well as the job title and requisition number of the position for which you are applying. #LI-JS1"
510,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=577ff3fc23b1b519&fccid=69c7d55b78dc7424&vjs=3,"It's fun to work in a company where people truly BELIEVE in what they're doing!  We're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business.  Company Overview At Proofpoint, we have a passion for protecting people, data, and brands from today’s advanced threats and compliance risks. We hire the best people in the business to: Build and enhance our proven security platform Blend innovation and speed in a constantly evolving cloud architecture Analyze new threats and offer deep insight through data-driven intel Collaborate with customers to help solve their toughest security challenges We are singularly devoted to helping our customers protect what matters most. That’s why we’re a leader in next-generation cybersecurity—and why more than half of the Fortune 100 trust us as a security partner. The Role We are seeking a highly motivated professional with exceptional analytical and forecasting skills to join our team as Financial Analyst - Revenue/Billings/SaaS. The successful candidate will be a self-motivated, experienced, and highly analytical individual. This is a highly visible role (face time with CFO), that is tasked with topline forecasting and analyzing as it relates to short/long-term revenue, billings, expected renewals, and customer retention. The opportunity reports to the Manager, Financial Planning & Analysis, and will work to develop and refine the design of company-wide revenue, billings, and other top-line performance related reporting processes. You should be comfortable working cross functionally (Finance, Accounting, Sales, Sales Operations, Etc.) to help synch, solve, and implement scale-able processes to help meet the businesses growing demands. The role requires an execution-focused candidate who can quickly become familiar with our SaaS business and associated metrics and is able to support meaningful business decisions through in-depth analysis. The right culture fit will balance a process-oriented, analytical approach with a strategic point of view and a mentality to win. Your day-to-day Gather, consolidate, and analyze key operating, financial, and sales performance results – including in-depth analysis of revenue and bookings trends, expected renewals and customer retention, variance analysis and retention analysis in support of internal and external reporting Perform data analytics on key SaaS metrics, identifying new leading indicators, and provide executive level insights Forecast short-term and long-term revenue and billings outlook with a good understanding of accounting principles (606) Contribute to annual and quarterly planning and forecasting processes and long-range strategic planning - Billings, Revenue, etc. Build and maintain complex business and forecast models used to drive business insights and help support informed recommendations to management Build dashboards to reduce redundant tasks and bring new insight about the business for management Perform ad hoc financial analysis and prepare reports and presentations for executives and Board of Directors meetings Improve and develop business processes to help scale a rapidly growing business What you bring to the team 2-3 years of experience in financial analysis or comparable analytical role at a high growth public tech company - preferably SaaS software BA/BS degree with strong academic record – preferably in Economics/Business/Finance; commensurate real-world experience in any of these areas Knowledge of revenue accounting standards including ASC 606 a plus Proven experience in managing large datasets, developing insights from ambiguous data and recommending team decisions Exceptional attention to detail and sound business judgement Superior statistical, analytical, and data modeling skills including advanced proficiency in Excel (pivot tables, Index Matches etc.) and the ability to quickly manipulate and analyze large data sets and build reports Working knowledge of Salesforce.com, Adaptive Planning, RevPro, PowerBI and Microsoft 365 a plus Strong interpersonal, organizational, and communication skills a must #LI-JR1 If you like wild growth and working with happy, enthusiastic over-achievers, you'll enjoy your career with us!"
511,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=555f8b2a590dcf8a&fccid=a5b4499d9e91a5c6&vjs=3,
512,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=577b8ad91fb7dd99&fccid=04c514399d61d015&vjs=3,
513,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1d8e74ce891a03ac&fccid=a0b806ea1a608a4b&vjs=3,"About Second Harvest of Silicon Valley Founded in 1974, Second Harvest of Silicon Valley is one of the largest food banks in the nation and a trusted nonprofit leader in ending local hunger. The organization distributes nutritious groceries through a network of more than 300 partners at drive-thru and walk-up sites across Santa Clara and San Mateo counties. Due to the prohibitively expensive cost of living in Silicon Valley and the economic downturn caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, hunger is at an all-time high. Second Harvest is now serving an average of 500,000 people every month, twice as many people as it reached pre-pandemic. Second Harvest also connects people to federal nutrition programs and other food resources, and advocates for anti-hunger policies on the local, state and national levels. To learn more about how Second Harvest is responding to the incredible amount of need in Silicon Valley, visit shfb.org.  About the Position The Financial Analyst reports to the Director of Finance and is responsible for developing grant budgets, administering our organization budgeting system, partnering with budget managers to assist in developing accurate forecasting methodologies, reviewing budgets and financial reports for accuracy, and providing other ad hoc financial requests as needed. The Financial Analyst will monitor key performance metrics, identify trends, determine root cause, and recommend specific action when appropriate.  In this role, you will be a member of a flexible and supportive work environment that fosters creativity and collaboration. Everyone on the team is passionate about the mission of the organization and doing work that is personally meaningful. Being a local nonprofit gives Second Harvest the flexibility to have a nimble work culture that allows every team member to contribute their skills outside of their specific job function when appropriate and helpful to the overall goals. Using strong interpersonal and communication skills along with advanced analytical skills, the Financial Analyst will develop and maintain positive relationships with colleagues and clients with a strong focus on customer service.  This job might be for you if: You would like to make the world a better place by supporting the community you live in. You want to provide meaningful financial information to those who support our mission. You enjoy identifying financial trends and providing insightful analysis to communicate financial impact. You excel at preparing business modeling and scenario analysis to support project planning. You can steward sensitive information and data with the utmost integrity and confidentiality. You have excellent attention to detail, an inquisitive mind, and you enjoy creating customized reports and analyzing data to find answers to business questions.  Responsibilities: Prepares grant budgets in support of grant proposal financial requirements. Prepares grant financial reporting in support of grant performance metrics. Maintains organization budgeting system by configuring, entering, verifying and backing up data. Assists in the development of forecasting models and preparing schedules of assumptions. Improves financial status by analyzing results; monitoring variances; identifying trends; and recommending actions to management. Provides financial modeling and analysis for projects, new business opportunities and proposals.  The ideal candidate will possess the following professional qualifications: 3-4 years of progressive work experience in Finance, Consulting and/or Accounting roles. (FP&A roles that support complex modeling, analysis, budgeting and forecasting of business impacts / trends preferred). Experience, either paid or voluntary, with a non-profit accounting environment, especially in the grants area, is a plus Advanced financial analysis, forecasting and modeling skills with the ability to translate analysis quickly into practical results. Excellent communication skills with the ability to present analysis and recommendations in verbal and/or written form Ability to multi-task effectively in a fast-paced environment while prioritizing projects to ensure timely deliverables Comfortable working with individuals at all organization levels. Proficient in Excel, Word, PowerPoint. Experience with budgeting and ERP systems. Bachelors Degree, with concentration in Finance, Economics, Accounting or related area required. MBA a plus  Reports To: Director of Finance  Location: Second Harvest of Silicon Valley, Curtner Distribution Center, 750 Curtner Avenue, San Jose, CA 95125  Hours: Full-Time, Exempt.  Compensation: Competitive salary commensurate with experience. Generous health benefits program, Flexible Time Off, ten paid holidays and excellent retirement plan.  EOE UNDER-REPRESENTED GROUPS ARE ENCOURAGED TO APPLY"
514,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=234034c9b88411ca&fccid=46ea6f509dcaed61&vjs=3,
515,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=dabb0c4e5d442983&fccid=34dabf27186b0249&vjs=3,"About Second Harvest of Silicon Valley Founded in 1974, Second Harvest of Silicon Valley is one of the largest food banks in the nation and a trusted nonprofit leader in ending local hunger. The organization distributes nutritious groceries through a network of more than 300 partners at drive-thru and walk-up sites across Santa Clara and San Mateo counties. Due to the prohibitively expensive cost of living in Silicon Valley and the economic downturn caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, hunger is at an all-time high. Second Harvest is now serving an average of 500,000 people every month, twice as many people as it reached pre-pandemic. Second Harvest also connects people to federal nutrition programs and other food resources, and advocates for anti-hunger policies on the local, state and national levels. To learn more about how Second Harvest is responding to the incredible amount of need in Silicon Valley, visit shfb.org. About the Position The Financial Analyst reports to the Director of Finance and is responsible for developing grant budgets, administering our organization budgeting system, partnering with budget managers to assist in developing accurate forecasting methodologies, reviewing budgets and financial reports for accuracy, and providing other ad hoc financial requests as needed. The Financial Analyst will monitor key performance metrics, identify trends, determine root cause, and recommend specific action when appropriate. In this role, you will be a member of a flexible and supportive work environment that fosters creativity and collaboration. Everyone on the team is passionate about the mission of the organization and doing work that is personally meaningful. Being a local nonprofit gives Second Harvest the flexibility to have a nimble work culture that allows every team member to contribute their skills outside of their specific job function when appropriate and helpful to the overall goals. Using strong interpersonal and communication skills along with advanced analytical skills, the Financial Analyst will develop and maintain positive relationships with colleagues and clients with a strong focus on customer service. This job might be for you if: You would like to make the world a better place by supporting the community you live in. You want to provide meaningful financial information to those who support our mission. You enjoy identifying financial trends and providing insightful analysis to communicate financial impact. You excel at preparing business modeling and scenario analysis to support project planning. You can steward sensitive information and data with the utmost integrity and confidentiality. You have excellent attention to detail, an inquisitive mind, and you enjoy creating customized reports and analyzing data to find answers to business questions. Responsibilities: Prepares grant budgets in support of grant proposal financial requirements. Prepares grant financial reporting in support of grant performance metrics. Maintains organization budgeting system by configuring, entering, verifying and backing up data. Assists in the development of forecasting models and preparing schedules of assumptions. Improves financial status by analyzing results; monitoring variances; identifying trends; and recommending actions to management. Provides financial modeling and analysis for projects, new business opportunities and proposals. The ideal candidate will possess the following professional qualifications: 3-4 years of progressive work experience in Finance, Consulting and/or Accounting roles. (FP&A roles that support complex modeling, analysis, budgeting and forecasting of business impacts / trends preferred). Experience, either paid or voluntary, with a non-profit accounting environment, especially in the grants area, is a plus Advanced financial analysis, forecasting and modeling skills with the ability to translate analysis quickly into practical results. Excellent communication skills with the ability to present analysis and recommendations in verbal and/or written form Ability to multi-task effectively in a fast-paced environment while prioritizing projects to ensure timely deliverables Comfortable working with individuals at all organization levels. Proficient in Excel, Word, PowerPoint. Experience with budgeting and ERP systems. Bachelors Degree, with concentration in Finance, Economics, Accounting or related area required. MBA a plus Reports To: Director of Finance  Location: Second Harvest of Silicon Valley, Curtner Distribution Center, 750 Curtner Avenue, San Jose, CA 95125 Hours: Full-Time, Exempt. Compensation: Competitive salary commensurate with experience. Generous health benefits program, Flexible Time Off, ten paid holidays and excellent retirement plan. EOE UNDER-REPRESENTED GROUPS ARE ENCOURAGED TO APPLY"
516,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=7b194fb667ad569a&fccid=a5b4499d9e91a5c6&vjs=3,
517,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=de4e6460658681b6&fccid=c1099851e9794854&vjs=3,"Summary Posted: Jul 1, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200251003 Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish! Do you love thinking analytically? Are you passionate about using your financial knowledge to navigate complex challenges? Just as our customers find value in Apple products, the Finance group finds value for both Apple and its shareholders. As part of this group, you’ll play an integral role in ensuring our day-to-day financial health. You and your team will support Apple’s growth, both top and bottom line, by applying the same level of innovation toward financial matters as we do toward our products and services. You’ll also collaborate with Apple teams across the world to develop more effective investment strategies and risk management. Finance is essential to upholding our global commitment to excellence, and it is directly responsible for shaping the company’s future. Join us, and you’ll have a meaningful role in continuing Apple’s legacy of efficiency and success. Apple’s Demand Forecast and Analysis group is seeking a Financial Analyst to support the US Channel business. You should be highly motivated, team oriented, and a process driven individual who will become a dedicated business partner supporting our Controller, Sales Directors, Route-to-Market Finance, WW Sales Finance, Sales Operations, Supply Demand Management and Reseller Operations. You will be able to work both independently and also be a phenomenal teammate. You should have the ability to effectively and thoroughly analyze data, present the findings in a clear, concise manner and communicate the key take-aways in an executive style. Key Qualifications 3+ years of corporate finance experience, or related forecast/planning experience Strong verbal, written, and visual interpersonal skills Demonstrated success in balancing multiple activities/projects, priorities, and people in a dynamic, fast-growing, results-driven environment Ability to communicate complex analysis in clear and concise manner Should be able to act independently and be proactive Exhibit the highest standards of accuracy and strong organizational skills Confirmed analytical and problem solving skills Proven ability to build effective business partnerships in a cross-functional organization Ability to see the big picture while simultaneously zooming into the details Ability to work under tight deadlines and deal with ambiguity Self-starting attitude and be a strong leader and influencer Excel Specialist (Macro experience preferred) Keynote/presentation skills Experience with Demantra, Business Objects, Tableau and Essbase Description THE POSITION REQUIRES: - Financial modeling, reporting and market analysis, and written and verbal presentations to senior management and executives. - Forecasting weekly sell through, sell in and channel inventory by analyzing performance to date and assessing potential risks and opportunities - Proposing detailed revisions to current quarter forecast on weekly basis and explaining internal and external drivers and financial impact - Quantifying the uplifts associated with promotional offers and sizing the non-promotional baseline demand used for sales negotiations - Building quarterly unit forecast for future quarters and tracking and understanding business performance against it and reasons for performance variances - Understanding the US Channel business and strategy, and how variables such as historical performance, seasonality, promotions, sales initiatives and macro economic environment affect current business trends - Becoming the subject matter authority on understanding the consumer electronics industry staying up to speed with the various competitor launches/promotions and service plan offerings. - Standard reporting and ad-hoc analysis by building and managing scalable excel models (Tableau and Business Objects experienced preferred) - Supporting ongoing development of Apple’s business support systems Education & Experience BA/BS degree plus 5 years experience, MBA preferred"
518,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ff7041bac9b7d891&fccid=73ceef0a2153d2b8&vjs=3,
519,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=d922eb4854e34905&fccid=314d6d2bfc9df32c&vjs=3,
520,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9ca9e18f58acf869&fccid=978d9fd9799d55a8&vjs=3,"Who we are: Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 392 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies. Job Description Summary: We have a current opening for an Investment Analyst to Join the PayPal Ventures team in San Jose. This position reports to the the Vice President and Global Head of Corporate Development and Ventures of PayPal. Job Description: Lead and develop strategic investment opportunities for PayPal globally – from idea to proposal to deal execution– taking a holistic, cross-functional approach Own all aspects of the deal, including sourcing, qualification, initial rationale/pitch, financial modeling, due diligence and closing activities Lead and coordinate a cross-functional deal team within PayPal as well as serve as a primary point of contact to target portfolio company management Ambitiously identify and qualify new ideas & companies for PayPal from internal & external sources; keeping close ties to PayPal executives and industry leaders (entrepreneurs, investors and bankers) Requirements: 4+ years in Corporate Development, Private Equity, Venture Capital, Investment Banking, or Management Consulting Experience in Product Management, Product Marketing, Operations or Business Development at a technology company is a major plus Experience in a deal environment as well as an operational one where people leadership was required Strong analytical skills, fluency in performing rigorous financial, valuation and broad quantitative analyses and familiarity with accounting & key operational metrics Strong written and oral communication skills – able to clearly and concisely explain concepts and investment theses Adept with technology and a strategic thinker – knows what’s best for the business Excellent judgment, mature personality, and experience working with executives Strong network in the technology and venture capital community Team player, pro-active and action oriented, anticipates needs, organized, is assertive, and is highly accountable We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom. PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities."
521,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=d0d8dcaa89b7b2bf&fccid=adec49a5729b60f3&vjs=3,
522,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=3fdedef8111ee720&fccid=b11a318411580b5b&vjs=3,"Company Description At Western Digital, our vision is to power global innovation and push the boundaries of technology to make what you thought was once impossible, possible. At our core, Western Digital is a company of problem solvers. People achieve extraordinary things given the right technology. For decades, we’ve been doing just that. Our technology helped people put a man on the moon. We are a key partner to some of the largest and highest growth organizations in the world. From energizing the most competitive gaming platforms, to enabling systems to make cities safer and cars smarter and more connected, to powering the data centers behind many of the world’s biggest companies and public cloud, Western Digital is fueling a brighter, smarter future. Binge-watch any shows, use social media or shop online lately? You’ll find Western Digital supporting the storage infrastructure behind many of these platforms. And, that flash memory card that captures and preserves your most precious moments? That’s us, too. We offer an expansive portfolio of technologies, storage devices and platforms for business and consumers alike. Our data-centric solutions are comprised of the Western Digital®, G-Technology™, SanDisk® and WD® brands. Today’s exceptional challenges require your unique skills. It’s You & Western Digital. Together, we’re the next BIG thing in data.  Job Description The position covers 3 major areas: HDD Consumer Solutions and Data Center Solutions product cost analyst, Manufacturing spending consolidation analyst and New product cost analyst. The role work closely with other product cost analysts to manage/analyze product cost, support Global Operations teams and BU teams to make good business decision. Responsibilities include: HDD Consumer Solutions and Data Center Solutions hardware product cost analyst. Work cross functionally with various teams in BU (including BU Finance, Cost Accountants, Procurement, Operations, Program managers, and Sales/Marketing teams) to provide accurate and timely product cost analysis. Maintain and improve a complex model for product cost consolidation and analysis Work with Cost accounting team in Asia to make sure standard costs are setup correctly in ERP; drive the manufacturing variance analysis. Support planning tool (BPC) implementation In-depth understanding of products, processes and effective communication, coordination is critical for success. Manufacturing spending consolidation analyst. Manage the consolidation process and schedule, work with finance teams in each manufacturing sites and cost accounting team in HQ, provide accurate spending and cost reports for actual/forecast product cost reporting purpose, as well as meaningful cost trend analysis for management decision purpose. New product cost support. Manage new product cost roll up process, coordinate with cross functional cost owners to assess new product cost, hold accountability from cost owners with proper documentation. Analyze and review new product cost with program managers, follow up new program milestones and support cost analysis with initial cost commitment. Ad hoc analysis, as required.  Qualifications Minimum 4 years manufacturing experience (in Operations, Engineering, or Finance), preferably in HDD, semiconductors, or consumer electronic assembly. High level of complex data analytics required. Must have robust command of Excel. Great communication skills, proven record of cross-functional teamwork. Flexible, collaborative, and a dynamic team-player. Passion for knowledge and learning. Bachelor’s degree required. MBA or Masters in a science-based discipline preferred. Additional Information Western Digital is committed to providing equal opportunities to all applicants and employees and will not discriminate based on their race, color, ancestry, religion (including religious dress and grooming standards), sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, breastfeeding or related medical conditions), gender (including a person’s gender identity, gender expression, and gender-related appearance and behavior, whether or not stereotypically associated with the person’s assigned sex at birth), age, national origin, sexual orientation, medical condition, marital status (including domestic partnership status), physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, protected medical and family care leave, Civil Air Patrol status, military and veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. We also prohibit harassment of any individual on any of the characteristics listed above. Our non-discrimination policy applies to all aspects of employment. We comply with the laws and regulations set forth in the Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law poster. Western Digital thrives on the power and potential of diversity. As a global company, we believe the most effective way to embrace the diversity of our customers and communities is to mirror it from within. We believe the fusion of various perspectives results in the best outcomes for our employees, our company, our customers, and the world around us. We are committed to an inclusive environment where every individual can thrive through a sense of belonging, respect and contribution. Western Digital is committed to offering opportunities to applicants with disabilities and ensuring all candidates can successfully navigate our careers website and our hiring process. Please contact us at staffingsupport@wdc.com to advise us of your accommodation request. In your email, please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting as well as the job title and requisition number of the position for which you are applying. #LI-JS1"
523,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=bd8e0afa0b32d7d8&fccid=6c6f37e2a6cb4c55&vjs=3,
524,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=6adedc5d7060282f&fccid=90fbbb6ad0be3871&vjs=3,"Abode Services is mandating that all employees be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 as a condition of their employment by September 30, 2021: except in cases of religious or medical exemption.  Abode Services :is the largest homeless housing and service provider in the Bay Area. Our mission is not only seeking to end homelessness through housing but to be advocates for the elimination of the causes of it. This is a career choice for you where not only can you grow your skills, but you can be part of helping people too. We are excited to be expanding our Finance team and seeking a Financial Analyst who will be part of Abode’s controller’s office and serve in a key role in revenue analysis and reporting.   Abode’s Benefits & Perks: 100% paid health benefits for employees 31 PTO/Holidays per year 403(b) Retirement Plan w/ Employer Match & Contribution Programs Dynamic, mission-drive culture and supportive leadership Professional Development Opportunities, Leadership Academy Programs The Diverse Culture: : We believe that we make better decisions and provide quality services when our workforce reflects the diversity of the communities in which we operate. People of color make up nearly 70% of our workforce and we strive to recruit and retain employees from all backgrounds.  How You Make an Impact:: Perform financial and billing related analysis and research Document and establish proper grant revenue recognition methods on a contract by contract basis within the accounting systems of Abode Compile financial information to record transactions, prepare reports and review and verify accuracy Analyze past results, perform variance analysis, identify trends and make recommendations for improvements Interface with other departments to ensure up to date information is documented Analyze budget actual cost and prepare a report weekly. Monitor grants on a routine basis, including the maintenance of records, databases, spreadsheets and other internal/external reports; identify and describe potential problems or delays encountered Ensure financial compliance to contract terms Prepare schedules for interim and annual audit   How You Meet the Qualifications:: Bachelor’s degree desired or equivalent work experience working with grant documentation Intermediate accounting skills with an understanding of debits, credit and accruals. High level of proficiency with Excel and analytical skills High level of attention to detail A flexible personality that can work with different departments and types of people Ability to learn new technologies and systems quickly Enthusiasm for continuous improvement of process, documentation and work product   Notice: All job descriptions to be used as guides only. They do not constitute contracts, commitments or promises of any kind. Abode Services reserves the right to change, add, delete, upgrade or downgrade positions as dictated by business necessity at anytime with or without notice. Abode Services is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Drug Free Workplace:"
525,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5bcdc43b8847c45f&fccid=6c6f37e2a6cb4c55&vjs=3,
526,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=f8b8f3e4f31a258e&fccid=a5b4499d9e91a5c6&vjs=3,
527,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=33d4649cdad9efc4&fccid=73ceef0a2153d2b8&vjs=3,
528,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=7db9c1a6e9811830&fccid=a5b4499d9e91a5c6&vjs=3,
529,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=f72c32bf093cbf93&fccid=a5b4499d9e91a5c6&vjs=3,
530,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0C9NbM5eTIyBy5lsQEfjp0LiR4ZnSOO0g4plUqowSZMmwKNhg9sK_ssyMkRY9ssskwHGm5KlfxSU-3hiXHr85iwMWHeGyjPC2R5lmcqKhmFHDSiB9g_GfnbN95_tFNYFoK7qnECCyyaiopvbSARVNqaPUyrG04fzhACFuptINg09thIXVa83-asx6WAX1zrg6LTLwmSjHpzpnfbloymTaoqlDtoPxhY-TyXN1worO5mrLlcTclrTJtUtojGb5aIpsAvpSvaI2qwDUxfmBz8dnFF-bna9zmJRz6cI2TlY20ZMOfm_6_7XPUrpwTs-6yeE3O5-ACP77th4AVB5IeBhJjsG1JQLyV1SILZug7iy3LkIJDdy0Pqa-ItoF9LaPMR95Un7V95JUOcXc2IcjEjDWIfkPi9Pf897EmURFu5rW0saWfixmRV3OuQSUg--v57Upm-OjYcmXYb8YrYsn-I7Rudjw5xsE55JWTDDlJV1ZSOCUVT5W4Fr4FkSerB_LkyKKg=&p=12&fvj=1&vjs=3,"Job DescriptionJob Title: Financial AnalystLocation:  San Jose California USA 95131Duration: 9+ Months ContractDescription: Key financial business partner to the San Jose Instruments Leadership team, Procurement, Facilities, Engineering. Also, requires close working relationships with the Plant Controllers across the globe.Manage /support the annual budgeting, quarterly forecasting, and ASR for the business unit. This includes manufacturing variance/absorption, spending, capital, inventory, revaluation, & E&O forecasting.Develop new analyses / financial models to drive management decisions and cost improvementDrive operational improvements, maintain and improve processes and controlsBusiness partner with manufacturing sites including:Ensure timely and accurate financial performance reporting / perform month-end close activityValidating production volumes and analyzing leverageEnsuring that productivity factors are in-line with expectationsWorking with Operations and Strategic Sourcing to minimize material inflationConducting reviews to ensure staffing and overhead structures are appropriateAssist/support internal and external audits.Ad hoc support or special projectsContract length: 9 monthsJob Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $40.00 - $44.00 per hourSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Finance: 1 year (Preferred)Financial Analysis: 1 year (Preferred)Work Remotely:No"
531,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9360571168b58d9b&fccid=9ac45d217f8342a1&vjs=3,
532,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=3f4c90ca9b6ec20e&fccid=dc07d054b5028733&vjs=3,"UCT is seeking an experienced and talented Senior Financial Analyst, FP & A to join our team in Hayward, CA! The Senior Financial Analyst provides financial reporting and analysis primarily for the sales profitability and capital planning functions as well as other special projects. Produces recurring reports, tracks key financial data, analyzes sales profitability, capital expenditure planning, and business strategies for the company.  Essential Duties and Responsibilities:  Analyze complex financial information and reports to provide accurate and timely financial recommendations to management for decision-making purposes related to capital planning and sales profitability. Provide timely and accurate information for internal and external reporting Provide daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly, and annual analysis of financial reports; sales, cash flow, and capital planning Analyze results, looking for trends and variances, which are to be communicated timely to management, and provide financial guidance in addressing them Create models of cash flow and analysis, all to support short-term and long-term planning Improve upon existing and create new financial reporting as needed Understand and fulfill financial information needs across all departments of the company Create continuous automation of reporting to ensure the most accurate and efficient delivery of information to management Develop financial models and analysis to support strategic initiatives Ad-hoc reporting and analysis Contribute to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed  Other Duties  Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties, or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities, and activities may change at any time with or without notice.  Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: Solid experience in budgeting in a growing multi-unit organization Project management in finance and systems arenas Strong analytic, problem-solving, and financial modeling skills Excellent database reporting and modeling skills Advanced skills in all Microsoft office products Highest standard of accuracy Excellent written and verbal communication skills, and presentation abilities SAP, Smartsheets, Adaptive Insights, and Excel experience or knowledge Passion to learn new things  Educational/Certification Requirement: Bachelor’s degree in Accounting or Finance required  Experience Requirement: Work Experience: 5+ yrs. of financial planning and analysis or accounting experience. 5+ years, minimum, experience in corporate finance; international business exposure preferred  Physical Demands and Working Conditions: This section is required for compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Acts (ADA)  Criteria:  Work Environment:  Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions Work is performed primarily in a standard office environment  Physical Demands:  Work may require the ability to lift 10-20 pounds infrequently The ability to talk on the phone and use a computer for extended periods may be required.  Environmental Exposure:  May involve exposure to moderate noise levels from printers, faxes, computers, etc.  Overnight Travel:  Work may require out-of-town travel depending upon assignment (training and meeting). 10%.   UCT offers an excellent benefits package to all full-time employees, which includes medical, dental, vision, 401(k), and paid time off.  UCT is an equal opportunity employer, dedicated to promoting a culturally diverse workforce."
533,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=46175436411ed563&fccid=ba03cd038fd30855&vjs=3,"ABOUT THE JOB The Cloud Infrastructure and IT Financial Analyst will be a key member of our growing FP&A team. Rubrik is the fastest growing enterprise company in the Billion Dollar League backed by top Silicon Valley investors Greylock, Lightspeed, and Khosla Ventures. This person will provide financial support to our Cloud Infrastructure and IT organizations, supporting annual & quarterly planning, the period close process, BvA analysis, monthly & quarterly financial reporting, and ad hoc analysis for the business in a highly cross-functional environment. From day one, this role and their work will have high visibility and impact to senior management at Rubrik. This position will be based in Palo Alto, California. RESPONSIBILITIES Work closely with the Director of Corporate Finance and key stakeholders to develop and prepare key performance tracking reports that highlight performance results vs plan and forecast, analyze key performance indicators, articulate key insights and trends, and identify risks and opportunities Develop models to track total and unit costs in a multi-cloud environment Prepare monthly accruals by engaging with business partners to ensure the Cloud Infrastructure and IT organizations has an accurate submission of Journal Entries to Accounting Provide ad hoc reporting and analysis for senior management as needed to review and improve business and financial performance Assist with Corporate FP&A related activities on an ad hoc basis ABOUT YOU 1-2 years work experience in FP&A at a high growth technology company; cloud forecasting and optimization expertise is preferred A Bachelor's degree from a four-year college or university with a degree in Finance, Accounting, Economics, Business, or related quantitative field Advanced in Excel/Google Sheets Excellent communicator and collaborator across multiple departments. Practices a service-oriented business partnering approach and excels in relationship building across the organization. Demonstrated ability to prioritize and manage multiple assignments in a fast-paced environment to meet deadlines with efficiency and accuracy It is helpful, but not required to have Experience with the following software: Adaptive Insights, NetSuite, Salesforce, Tableau, Workday, Coupa ABOUT RUBRIK Rubrik is one of the fastest growing companies in Silicon Valley, revolutionizing data protection and management in the emerging multi-cloud world. We are the leader in cloud data management, delivering a single platform to manage and protect data in the cloud, at the edge, and on-premises. Enterprises choose Rubrik to simplify backup and recovery, accelerate cloud adoption, enable automation at scale, and secure against cyberthreats. Rubrik has raised over $553 million in venture funding, most recently at a valuation of $3.3 billion. We’ve been recognized as a Forbes Cloud 100 Company two years in a row and as a LinkedIn Top 10 startup. #LI-KY1 Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled: Rubrik is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. Rubrik provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Rubrik complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please contact us at hr@rubrik.com if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. EEO IS THE LAW EEO IS THE LAW - POSTER SUPPLEMENT PAY TRANSPARENCY NONDISCRIMINATION PROVISION NOTIFICATION OF EMPLOYEE RIGHTS UNDER FEDERAL LABOR LAWS"
534,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a1cd787db2583686&fccid=87d9d5c3c75f7830&vjs=3,"Brief Description This highly motivated individual will be responsible for preparing the IP Licensing annual budgets and forecasts as well as supporting the budget versus actual reporting process. Additional responsibilities include the support of the long-term strategic plan, rolling forecast, variance analysis, and ad-hoc business modeling exercises.  Description Xperi Corporation (Nasdaq: XPER) and its wholly owned subsidiaries: DTS, TiVo, FotoNation, Invensas, and Tessera, are dedicated to creating innovative technology solutions that enable extraordinary experiences for people around the world. Xperi’s solutions are licensed by hundreds of leading global partners and have shipped in billions of products in areas including premium audio, broadcast, computational imaging, computer vision, mobile computing, and communications, memory, data storage, and 3D semiconductor interconnect and packaging.  As a Financial Analyst on Xperi’s FP&A team, you will be in a high-impact role as you are involved with the full-cycle and breadth of our global FP&A activities. Reporting directly to the FP&A Director, you will be responsible for preparing the IP Licensing annual budgets and forecasts as well as supporting the budget versus actual reporting process. Additional responsibilities include the support of the long-term strategic plan, rolling forecast, variance analysis, and ad-hoc business modeling exercises. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following: Assist in the development of budgets and forecasts for US headquarters and all subsidiaries Develop and analyze quarterly, annual, and 5-year operating plans by business segment Assist with the preparation and distribution of budget vs. actual reports to the division heads and budget managers Support and interact with division heads and budget managers to compile financial inputs to update quarterly budgets and forecasts Work closely with Accounting to review the financial month-end close process and provide recommendations as necessary Design and implement improvements to existing budget vs. actual reporting and annual budget processes through the utilization of new systems, tools and techniques Assist with the preparation of monthly Operations review presentations Approve purchase requisitions, ensuring adherence to company purchasing policy, department budget, and accuracy of account coding Execute ad-hoc analysis and provide thoughtful business insights Education, Experience & Skills BA/BS in Accounting, Economics, or Finance required At least 1-3 years FP&A Knowledge of GAAP highly preferred Strong quantitative and analytical skills Proficiency in advanced Excel functions such as vlookup, index/match, pivot tables and financial modeling Experience with NetSuite, Oracle, and Adaptive Ability to communicate effectively will all levels of management, including C-Level executives Strong teamwork and project-related skills"
535,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5ad49c6ba9d1323f&fccid=ff230eb38ad411b5&vjs=3,
536,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=03ec0b4ad0641ba7&fccid=076e688f7e0c7c37&vjs=3,
537,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1283193d5ce9ed0f&fccid=119608bbc2f7547d&vjs=3,
538,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=d5dcbaacd6d3a86d&fccid=c1099851e9794854&vjs=3,"Summary Posted: Aug 5, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200273792 Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish! Do you love thinking analytically? Are you passionate about using your financial knowledge to navigate complex challenges? Just as our customers find value in Apple products, the Finance group finds value for both Apple and its shareholders. As part of this group, you’ll play an integral role in ensuring our day-to-day financial health. You and your team will support Apple’s growth, both top and bottom line, by applying the same level of innovation toward financial matters as we do toward our products and services. You’ll also collaborate with Apple teams across the world to develop more effective investment strategies and risk management. Finance is essential to upholding our global dedication to excellence, and it is directly responsible for shaping the company’s future. Join us, and you’ll have a meaningful role in continuing Apple’s legacy of efficiency and success. We are looking for an outgoing professional with high analytical capacity, creativity, and strong communication skills to support the Worldwide Sales Organization. The position requires the ability to understand and work with complex data sets, generated from equally complex business processes, in order to drive insights. The position will work cross-functionally with sales, finance and technical teams to help develop new tools, processes and analysis for senior sales/finance executives. Key Qualifications 6+ years of consulting or financial/business/data analyst experience. Self-motivated, driven individual who is comfortable working in a global, fast-paced environment. Excellent attention to detail and strong strategic approach. Excellent process management, planning, and organizational skills. Resilient and determined to ensure projects and deliverables are achieved, driving projects from inception to deployment. Strong verbal and written communication skills with ability to articulate results of analysis in easy to understand business terms. Plus: Experience with new system implementation and change management. Plus: Advanced spreadsheet and data modeling skills. Plus: Experience with Tableau, Essbase, SQL, R/Python, Business Objects, Keynote Plus: Experience with data governance, data modeling, and/or data engineering. Description Drive roadmap for tools, systems and data that drive key analyses and advanced analytics. Manage cross-functional relationship to drive and innovate new processes and design of solutions. Drive decision making for key projects and communicate key milestones to senior management. Analyze and model data to unlock key insights and to improve internal processes. Communicating results of complex analyses and projects effectively to senior management. Partner with senior sales and sales finance leaders to understand their analytical needs, document and translate these needs into key requirements. Drive internal process improvements and projects to support analytics. Education & Experience Bachelor's degree of a quantitative nature (Finance, Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering, etc.)"
539,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=b99aa391e0a367d4&fccid=cd22d01053af7669&vjs=3,
540,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=38200ee332b267f6&fccid=dfc44f3b8c44a6db&vjs=3,
541,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5dd7366863758a8b&fccid=c8fc142c28286059&vjs=3,"Company Overview KLA is a global leader in diversified electronics for the semiconductor manufacturing ecosystem. Virtually every electronic device in the world is produced using our technologies. No laptop, smartphone, wearable device, voice-controlled gadget, flexible screen, VR device or smart car would have made it into your hands without us. KLA invents systems and solutions for the manufacturing of wafers and reticles, integrated circuits, packaging, printed circuit boards and flat panel displays. The innovative ideas and devices that are advancing humanity all begin with inspiration, research and development. KLA focuses more than average on innovation and in 2019 we invested 15% of sales back into R&D. Our expert teams of physicists, engineers, data scientists and problem-solvers work together with the world’s leading technology providers to accelerate the delivery of tomorrow’s electronic devices. Life here is exciting and our teams thrive on tackling really hard problems. There is never a dull moment with us. Group/Division KLA is well known for its high-performing business model which routinely produces significant profit margins and revenue. Key to supporting KLA business is the finance team that partners with corporate and global business organizations to provide expertise and guidance for developing and executing sound business models and practices. The Finance organization consists of operations and corporate finance teams. The operations finance team influences business decisions by gathering the best available operations information, distilling it and making recommendations to our management team on the best course of action. The corporate team provides a broad range of services, such as financial planning, corporate accounting, tax, industry analysis and benchmarking, internal audits, SEC reporting and merger and acquisition support. Group/Division The Global Service Support Organization (GSS) team headquartered in Milpitas, CA is our service organization that consists of Service Sales and Marketing, Spares Supply Chain management, Field Operations, Engineering, Product Training, and Technical Support. The GSS organization partners with our field teams and customers in all business sectors to maintain the high performance and productivity of our products through a flexible portfolio of services. Our comprehensive services include: proactive management of tools to identify and improve performance; expertise in optics, image processing and motion control with worldwide service engineers, 24/7 technical support teams and knowledge management systems; and an extensive parts network to ensure worldwide availability of parts. Responsibilities Own Service Operating Budget of >$350M annually across seven service regional locations. Support ROI initiatives of laser programs and service engineering programs to extend serviceability of more than 40K tools in install base Work with Manufacturing locations in US, Singapore and Israel to drive efficiency on key initiatives such as Gross Margin Improvement and cost reduction. Support period close processes with coordination with business partners and peers in multiple locations to ensure accuracy of financial reporting and close. Support multiple business partners in Service Operations in achieving their targets and goals operationally and financially. Gather, analyze, prepare and summarize recommendations for financial strategic plans from different perspectives and angles to help support business decision Perform various ad hoc analysis including scenario planning Qualifications Must be hard-working with a positive attitude and willingness to contribute to a team Sense of ownership, urgency, intellectual curiosity, willingness to learn and improve Independent and critical thinker, analytical, fast-learner and excellent eye for detail Excellent problem-solving and strong analytical skills with the ability to get things done Ability to organize and prioritize responsibilities effectively in order to meet deadlines Comfortable working in an ambiguous environment and be flexible with constant change Comfortable reaching out to others and working with different levels of management and groups within an organization Proficiency with SAP/TM1 is preferred, but experience with other ERP and reporting/forecasting tools will be considered Able to influence business partners towards shared goals and objectives. Comfortable presenting to high level management Minimum Qualifications Master's Level Degree or work experience of 3 years , Bachelor's Level Degree or work experience of 4 years Knowledge of SAP/TM1 preferred or other ERP such as Hyperion, Anaplan, etc. Must have strong Excel skills Prefer candidates with manufacturing background but not required. Ideal candidate will be curious, likes to learn, has taken steps to advance their career, positive attitude, works in cross functional teams and relationship building We offer a competitive, family friendly total rewards package. We design our programs to reflect our commitment to an inclusive environment, while ensuring we provide benefits that meet the diverse needs of our employees. KLA is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by applicable law. We will ensure that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us at talent.acquisition@kla.com to request accommodation."
542,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=bdff2ab6e76a8c17&fccid=c1099851e9794854&vjs=3,
543,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=68328fc5394a6348&fccid=5bd99dfa21c8a490&vjs=3,"Job Description: Business Overview We believe Bank of America can do more for our clients than any other financial services firm. We understand the challenges our clients face around the world, and we use the full resources of our company to help them achieve their goals. Our solutions span the complete range of advisory, capital raising, banking, treasury and liquidity, sales and trading, and research capabilities. The M&A Group advises both corporate and financial clients on strategic transactions. The team originates and executes M&A transactions across various industries and coordinates deal execution with industry groups and capital markets teams on a global basis. The Americas M&A group is a leader in the industry, advising on some of the most high profile transactions. The Technology M&A Group advises both corporate and financial clients on strategic transactions. The team originates and executes M&A transactions across various technology verticals and coordinates deal execution with the Technology industry group and capital markets teams on a global basis. Job Description As an Analyst you will: Work closely with Associates and VP’s to build financial models and prepare presentation materials / other deliverables for investment banking clients Play a key role supporting origination, evaluating opportunities and executing deals, working on a broad scope of assignments and products across multiple sectors Serve as a key resource working closely with Associates, VP’s and RMs to create client deliverables and meet ad-hoc client requests Prepare client presentations and final work products Perform industry and company research to support business development and on an ad-hoc basis Assist in coordinating information flow and execution with product groups As an Associate you will: Help the team to deliver solutions that bring to bear the full breadth of the bank's capabilities and its competitive advantages as a top tier bank Take ownership of valuation analysis by guiding and supervising Analysts, which will lead you to develop expertise in the financial and analytical practices Structure, prepare and deliver client presentations Actively participate in executing transactions and work to expand your level of client interaction and responsibilities on transactions Manage and mentor junior professionals in the context of deal executions, marketing pitches and general career development Work closely with the Regional MDs, senior clients, lawyers and representatives from other investment banks Qualifications 1 year (Analyst) / 2-3 years (Associate) of Investment Banking experience at a top-tier firm Bachelors degree required Strong quantitative/analytical skills Professional maturity and experience to interact with senior bankers Demonstrated strategic and creative thinking and distinguished communication skills Ability to manage several projects at once and work effectively as an individual and as part of a team Job Band: H6 Shift: 1st shift (United States of America) Hours Per Week: 40 Weekly Schedule: Referral Bonus Amount: 0"
544,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=44ad7298dba75fa5&fccid=861f891aa1dfda42&vjs=3,"UCT is seeking an experienced and talented Sr. Financial Analyst, FP & A to join our team in Hayward, CA! The Financial Planning and Analysis (FP&A) team provides finance partnerships to business leaders across all functions at UCT. The FP&A team drives reporting and analysis to support strategic decisions; conducts regular business reviews with our Operational business partners, and manages financial processes such as planning, budgeting, forecasting, and reporting. We are looking for a motivated, high-energy financial analyst to join our FP&A team. A key component of the job is reporting and analysis to provide information, insight, and guidance to senior leadership on BU performance to support investment decisions, initiative prioritization, and other business issues. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Timely and accurate preparation of weekly, monthly, and quarterly management reporting packages with variance analysis and commentary versus forecast, budget (AOP), and prior year. Provide accurate and insightful analysis and reporting, using current and past trends of key P&L performance indicators. Manage and collaborate with the Services site owners to prepare the quarterly forecast and AOP. Understand site performance and provide support for margin improvement. Ownership of the operating expenses and capital expenditure reporting, providing commentary of variances to forecast / AOP, including providing quarterly updates to the forecast. Report and manage headcount approvals in line with AOP and forecast. Lead, refine, and drive process improvement to support existing and new reporting requirements, develop and automate financial models and analyses. Anticipate executive management reporting needs and deliver timely, accurate, and insightful reporting and analysis. Provide support and financial analysis for projects and strategic initiatives. Assist in preparation of presentations for the Audit Committee and senior management team. Ad-Hoc modeling, reporting, and analysis as required. Other Duties Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties, or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities, and activities may change at any time with or without notice. Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: Team player with excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to work across all levels of management. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Strong analytical skills, attention to detail, and accuracy. Organized, proactive, and driven self-starter with business awareness and collaboration across sites. Work under tight deadlines and the ability to multitask in a dynamic and matrix environment. Advanced Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint skills. Educational/Certification Requirement: Bachelor’s degree in an appropriate technical discipline (Accounting / Finance) or equivalent. Experience Requirement: Work Experience: 3-5 years of experience in the Service industry, FP&A, modeling, and forecasting, preferably at an international publicly traded company. Experience with Adaptive Insights and ERP systems, particularly SAP a plus Accounting experience is a plus Physical Demands and Working Conditions: This section is required for compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Acts (ADA) Criteria: Work Environment: Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions Work is performed primarily in a standard office environment Physical Demands: Work may require the ability to lift 10-20 pounds infrequently The ability to talk on the phone and use a computer for extended periods may be required. Environmental Exposure: May involve exposure to moderate noise levels from printers, faxes, computers, etc. Overnight Travel: Work may require out-of-town travel depending upon assignment (training and meeting). 10%. UCT offers an excellent benefits package to all full-time employees, which includes medical, dental, vision, 401(k), and paid time off. UCT is an equal opportunity employer, dedicated to promoting a culturally diverse workforce. #LI-SL1"
545,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9d2ea53ca4c7b0aa&fccid=c1099851e9794854&vjs=3,
546,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=4aaf1bcc21e5835d&fccid=47f94944a3d4d583&vjs=3,"Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati is the premier legal advisor to technology, life sciences, and other growth enterprises worldwide. We represent innovative companies at every stage of development, from entrepreneurial start-ups to multibillion-dollar global corporations, as well as the venture firms, private equity firms, and investment banks that finance and advise them. The firm has approximately 1,000 attorneys in 16 offices: 11 in the U.S., three in China, and two in Europe. Our broad spectrum of practices and entrepreneurial spirit allow our staff exceptional opportunities for professional achievement and career growth. The firm is seeking a highly motivated senior financial analyst to join our rapidly growing Financial Planning and Analysis (FP&A) team.  The Senior Financial Analyst will report to managers of FP&A and Budgeting. The incumbent will work closely with the heads of the legal departments, the admin departments and the pricing and revenue teams.  Responsibilities: Work with department heads and FP&A managers to understand analytical needs of the department and deliver high quality analysis. Proactively manage the budgeting and planning process for various legal departments including revenue, direct and overhead expenses and headcount. Prepare and deliver the analysis for client and matter profitability to the billing attorneys and department heads. Provide value-add KPI analysis for various departments and corresponding practice groups to highlight strength and weaknesses. Develop and maintain quarterly financial forecasts. Coordinate with attorneys, FP&A, pricing functions on all financial matters as they pertain to the firm. Proactively recommend process improvements to increase the efficiency and effectiveness of reporting, planning processes and systems. Work in strong collaboration with the Pricing and Revenue teams.  Competencies: We are seeking a strong team player with a highly collaborative style that works with all levels of leadership and colleagues. Demonstrated technical, problem solving, and analytical skills. Strong interpersonal skills: an inquisitive mind, and the ability to work effectively with multiple functions are required. Strong organizational and analytical skills are a must. Attention to details Strong communication skills, ability to present financial information in a meaningful way.  Experience, Skills and Requirements: BS or BA degree is required; MBA or other certification is strongly preferred. 5+ years of relevant experience in financial planning and analysis or pricing. Law firm or professional services organization experience is preferred. Excellent computer skills, including advanced MS Excel (e.g., Pivot Tables, V-Lookups, data merges, filters, and if statements), MS Word, and Power Point. Experience with Aderant and BI is a plus.   We offer a highly competitive salary and benefits package."
547,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a1b5ae24692913e8&fccid=69c7d55b78dc7424&vjs=3,"It's fun to work in a company where people truly BELIEVE in what they're doing!  We're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business.  Company Overview At Proofpoint, we have a passion for protecting people, data, and brands from today’s advanced threats and compliance risks. We hire the best people in the business to: Build and enhance our proven security platform Blend innovation and speed in a constantly evolving cloud architecture Analyze new threats and offer deep insight through data-driven intel Collaborate with customers to help solve their toughest security challenges We are singularly devoted to helping our customers protect what matters most. That’s why we’re a leader in next-generation cybersecurity—and why more than half of the Fortune 100 trust us as a security partner The Role This person will work cross-functionally with teams such Sales and Finance to improve the accuracy of sales commissions and reporting. While reporting to the Commissions Manager, you will validate information from SFDC into the commissions system. You will also be a point of contact for research and responding to inquiries from the field. You will use your critical thinking skills to work with large data sets to understand customer behavior and generate various reports. Finally, you will use your ability to build relationships to encourage continual process improvements to increase workflow proficiency. Run and build daily, monthly, quarterly reports out of SFDC and Xactly Analytics Perform quality reviews of orders processed by other departments Work cross-functionally to validate records and provide recommendations for improvement In-depth review and understanding customer’s account information, leveraging several data sources, including SFDC and shared folders. Ensure sales requests are processed in a timely, efficient and accurate manner with strong focus during period-end deadlines Excellent analytical skills and enjoys working with numbers Perform data cleansing and database improvements Ad-Hoc Commission related duties What you bring to the team  Experience in managing large datasets and reconciliations Analytical skills with working knowledge of MS Excel (pivot tables, Vlookups, Index/Match, etc.) Able to quickly manipulate and analyze large data sets including building reports Experience in CRM/Salesforce and advanced reporting Strong interpersonal, organizational, and communication skills Ability to meet strict deadlines and work under pressure Strong customer service focus 2+ years of experience in sales commissions analysis or business analysis at a high growth public tech company (preferably SaaS) Degree in Finance or other business-related field or relevant experience #LI-JR1 If you like wild growth and working with happy, enthusiastic over-achievers, you'll enjoy your career with us!"
548,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=03ec0b4ad0641ba7&fccid=076e688f7e0c7c37&vjs=3,
549,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=180f2d12571b51c5&fccid=f89deb5a97c7738a&vjs=3,
550,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=c3137b30d7eba7e2&fccid=c762a27145bd166e&vjs=3,"Business Summary VMware is a global leader in cloud infrastructure and business mobility. VMware accelerates customers’ digital transformation journey by enabling enterprises to master a software-defined approach to business and IT. With VMware solutions, organizations are creating exceptional experiences by mobilizing everything, responding faster to opportunities with modern data and apps hosted across hybrid clouds, and safeguarding customer trust with a defense-in-depth approach to cybersecurity. Job Description: We are looking for a senior financial analyst to join the Cloud Sales Finance Team for the VCPP(Vmware Cloud provider program) and the hyperscalers business. The team’s mission is to provide trusted and insightful financial information to enable the executive leadership teams to make effective decisions in maximizing VMware’s ROI. This team also has a strong focus to enhance the quality, efficiency, and scale of financial information produced. This role will assist the senior finance manager in communicating and presenting key insights and recommendations to Sales and Finance leadership team. Here’s a summary of this opportunity: Core Responsibilities: Core duties and responsibilities include the following. Business Partner with the Cloud Sales Teams by building positive relationships with Cloud Sales, Sales Finance, Operations, and GBU Finance. FP&A Lead in building sales budgets and tracking actual performance vs. plan. Assist in all business planning initiatives in collaboration with the Geo and Sales finance teams. Ensure accuracy and timeliness in bookings & revenue forecasting, reporting, and analysis. Responsible for driving deep rooted analysis of key drivers of the business and give insights to the leadership team which aid in strategic decision making. Collaborate with the BU and the revenue team to provide business insight and review revenue forecasts Partner with finance team in Bulgaria to prepare financial packages. Work cross-functionally to continuously improve business planning, forecasting and month-end close process. Drive streamlining of processes and strive towards automation of manual processes and financial reports Financially accountable professional ensuring financial controls/compliance. Required Skills: Bachelor’s Degree in Finance/Economics and MBA (or equivalent experience) required. Minimum of 5+ years of experience in financial reporting and analysis 2+ years of recent experience working for High Technology companies in the Fortune 500 (with prior experience in software companies being a major plus). Excellent social skills along with strong attention to detail and accuracy. Inventive, insightful, and willingness to grow. Ability to lead diverse cross functional teams to solve complex and ambiguous problems. Track record of showing leadership in a dynamic, fast-growing environment. Hands-on ability with analytical tools & systems. Experience in SAP HANA, SFDC, Hyperion, and dealing with large datasets from databases. Expert Proficiency in Excel, solid experience with PowerPoint. Preferred Skills: Strong verbal and written communication. Able to distill and present complex financial analysis into recommendations that are easily understood by Sr. management. Highly motivated, hands on person who is detailed oriented and meticulous. Excellent analytical skills with proven ability to develop analytical vision and persuade leaders using sound financial evidence to support changes. Equal Employment Opportunity Statement VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. VMware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law. This job requisition is not eligible for employment-based immigration sponsored by VMware. Category : Finance Subcategory: Finance Experience: Manager and Professional Full Time/ Part Time: Full Time Posted Date: 2021-07-29 VMware Company Overview: At VMware, we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud, mobility, and security software form a flexible, consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps, services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution, passion, integrity, customers, and community. Shape what’s possible today at http://careers.vmware.com.  Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law."
551,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=861524fd94a28731&fccid=2dc2f35c3405a529&vjs=3,"POSITION SUMMARY: This position will act as business partner with various R&D functional leaders and is responsible for the development of accurate headcount, expense, and capital budgets/forecasts, new product development analysis, financial statistic calculation, month-end FP&A close activities, and management reporting. The role partners with the R&D leadership teams to support sound business decision making by providing insightful financial analysis and accurate forecasting/planning. The owner of this role brings business acumen, analytical power, a results and process-improvement mentality. A successful candidate executes with a high sense of integrity, good communication skills, great attention to detail and a proven ability to work with business partners and leaders. This role will be instrumental in improving the management and corporate reporting processes, systems and analytics for respective business partners and senior management at Cepheid and Danaher corporate.  ESSENTIAL JOB RESPONSIBILITIES – may include, but not limited to: Partner with R&D functional management to coordinate and develop the annual operating budget and monthly forecasts, financial and operational analysis and modeling, including operating expenses, headcount and capital expenditures. Responsible for month-end, quarter-end and year-end FP&A close activities, including preparation of journal entries, and forecast activities related to Headcount, capital, facilities and operating expenses. Establish a regular cadence with business partners to review monthly actuals, analyze variances, identify historical trends and provide recommendations to drive forecast execution and accuracy. Prepare, analyze and distribute functional and internal management reports. Participate in new product development financial analysis and reporting. Responsible for timely and accurate financial statistics calculation and submission. Publish monthly and quarterly standard business performance reports, statistics, and ad hoc analysis. Understand standard accounting principles and policy and interact with global accounting and financial partners to maintain proper financial processes, procedures and controls. Actively participate in cross-functional projects designed to solve business problems and improve efficiency and profitability. Conduct ad-hoc planning and analysis to support the business and senior management. Interact with the broader FP&A and Accounting community in support of continuous process improvements including business systems and process improvement projects.  MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:Education and Experience (in years): B.S. degree in finance, accounting, economics or equivalent 5-7 years of financial planning and analysis experience Goal / results-oriented team player with demonstrated success working effectively across different departments. Strong communication and partnership skills with ability to build and convey business insight Energetic, dynamic individual with hands on mentality High attention to detail and the ability to communicate at all levels Self-starter able to prioritize given responsibilities Understanding of accounting processes, procedure and internal controls Advanced user in MS Excel Experience in SAP and BPC &/or OneStream preferred  The statements in this description represent typical elements, criteria and general work performed. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills for this job."
552,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5ad49c6ba9d1323f&fccid=ff230eb38ad411b5&vjs=3,
553,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=36bf2bfe870e2b8f&fccid=c1099851e9794854&vjs=3,
554,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=39f9b9383977e464&fccid=cacc4984d9abfade&vjs=3,"Overall Summary Under direction of the CEO and within the framework of established policies and objectives: Leads the organization in all financial and accounting strategic development Identifies short- and long-term business plans and opportunities, including financial modeling, performance and risk analysis Uses financial planning and analysis to create value for BACH and its stakeholders Recruits, trains, supervises and evaluates department staff Develops and initiates systems, policies, and procedures for transacting financial matters that reflect FQHC finance best practices Ensures that BACH’s financial goals are proceeding as projected, and seeks to understand material variances when they arise Oversees all fiscal operations including accounts receivable and payable, payroll, fee schedules, billing and collections, purchasing and inventory control Analyzes impact of various delivery/financial models/purchase-lease systems. Ensures that the accounting system is accurate, efficient and in accordance with professional accounting practices and governmental regulations Maintains appropriate accounting and finance controls Participates as an integral part of the Senior Management team; collaborates effectively with key internal and external stakeholders Oversees preparation of monthly Financial Statements, maintenance of timely and accurate financial accounting records on the accrual basis Develops and maintains statistical reports to track performance for key measures Oversees the development and submission of all required funding source reports Essential Responsibilities Leads the financial strategy of the organization, providing the CEO and the Board of Directors with the financial tools needed to measure risk and return on investment regarding decisions that fulfill the organizational mission. Responsible for the financial management of Bay Area Community Clinic (BACH) e.g., responsible for long- and short-term budgeting, variance analyses, accounting, financial statements, governmental compliance, proposing fee structures, managing A/R, monitoring the financial status of the health center, ensuring appropriate reimbursement, financial management of grants, and performing the necessary and appropriate financial/program analyses. Leads the organization in the budgeting process by recruiting input from all stakeholders, assessing organizational goals, managing risk and incorporating the strategic vision of the Board of Directors. Providing timely budget to actual analysis on a monthly basis to all identified stakeholders. Develops and ensures implementation of goals, projects, methods and controls in areas of responsibility. Oversees the development of grant application budgets, annual financial grant reports and overall grant tracking. Directs the general accounting activities, including maintenance of general ledgers, supervision of accounting schedules, and review of payroll records. Directs development of financial and statistical reports to support the CEO and Senior Management Team and to meet State/Federal regulations and program requirements. Ensures the timeliness of submission of annual and special financial reports as required by funding sources. Responsible for a successful annual fiscal and single audit in a timely manner. Develops and maintains internal control systems and establishes finance-related corporate compliance policies and procedures. Directs finance team in providing data, reports, and other analytical information to leadership in preparation of the annual budget. Forecasts revenues, expenditures and year-end balances on the accrual basis for budgeting and reporting purposes. Forecasts cash flows and maintains cash management and working capital controls, including management of idle funds, short-term financing, and timely payment of obligations. Monitors and forecasts the financial impacts of the recent merger. Evaluates all insurance coverages at BACH to ensure adequate protection. Works in tandem with other departments to provide needed financial data for managerial decision making. Supervises and implements daily accounting operations including the verifying of payroll and cash disbursements. Selects, trains, supervises and evaluates department supervisory staff. Ensures that payables are current and timely. Comfort and enthusiasm for teaching fiscal concepts to the Board, leadership, and staff. Responds in an appropriate and timely manner to the needs, concerns, and problems of staff, the finance department, and of the organization. Secondary Responsibilities Other duties as assigned. QUALIFICATIONS A combination of education and experience providing the required skill and knowledge for success would require minimally: An advanced degree in accounting from an accredited college or university. Financial experience in a Federally Qualified Health Center highly preferable Ten (10) years’ experience in accounting preferable. Six (6) years’ proven supervisory experience. At least five (5) years previous experience in health care field is preferred. Preferable expertise/Knowledge in the cost-based reimbursement model and Prospective Payment System rate setting process for Federally Qualified Health Centers. Knowledge of State and Federal accounting regulations; principles and practices of financial administration, including budgeting and reporting requirements; organizational dynamics; planning; coordinating and directing a complex financial operation; problem solving and communication; grants management. Detail oriented with an internal value of accountability/ownership of tasks. Self-starter able to effectively manage multiple complex projects. Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to effectively communicate with personnel from diverse backgrounds. A calling to support mission-driven work. Sees both macro and micro picture, with strong analytical skills and ability to effectively utilize technology to support decision-making. Reads and comprehends both simple complex instructions, short correspondence, and memos. Writes simple correspondence. Effectively presents information in one-on-one and small group situations. Analyzes financial results from operations and complete financial and cash flow forecasts. Solves practical problems and deals with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. Interprets a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form. The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit, stand, walk, stoop, kneel, or crouch. The employee frequently is required to reach with hands and arms; use hands to handle or feel; and talk or hear. The employee may be required to lift and/or move up to 15 lbs and occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 lbs. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, peripheral vision, and ability to adjust focus. Work Conditions: Travel locally to visit other sites, may require a day or overnight trip to attend events; workload may be demanding at times; require professionalism and confidentiality. Physical Demands: Sitting, walking, and standing associated with a normal medical/clinical office environment. Regular bending and stretching; and lifting. Manual dexterity used to include, but not limited to, standard office equipment, and computer keyboard. Traveling to work sites including some exposure to outside elements. Presenting information in front of a group. Supervises Finance Department"
555,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8da0876cc576ca5d&fccid=69e47485cd044190&vjs=3,
556,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8a60f66b14282985&fccid=1ba7f338730ce720&vjs=3,"Welcome to Land, Buildings & Real Estate: Land, Buildings & Real Estate (LBRE) is the operational core of Stanford University’s physical campus. LBRE constructs and maintains the Stanford campus, where advancements across the academic spectrum are made possible. Our work is founded upon the collective value of dedication, innovation, expertise, teamwork, and continuous improvement. We are committed to serving the university’s academic mission, as well as preserving and enhancing Stanford’s 8,180 acres, and pride ourselves on supporting the teaching and research of the university as “Caretakers of a Legacy.""  Who We Are: Finance & Administration (F&A) provides the foundation for Land, Buildings & Real Estate (LBRE) operations including budgets, capital funding coordination and documentation, information technology systems, authority and approvals, internal controls, compliance, accounting and reporting and human resources for LBRE. We are the liaison with other university financial departments, Research Administration, Human Resources, the Cabinet and Board of Trustees. Within F&A is the Finance for Operations group, which is comprised of three teams: Financial Planning & Analysis (FP&A), Finance Operations (FinOps) and Finance P2P. This position is part of the FP&A team.  Who you are: You have a passion for all things math, systems and business. You realized that Finance perfectly blends these together and this is why you pursued a career in Finance! You are also a financial analyst who is highly analytical and communicates effectively with anyone within an organization. You possess strong interpersonal communication skills both written and verbal. You have a proven track record of using analysis to influence decision-making, and can successfully articulate insights and outcomes to executives and peers. That means that you can take financial data and translate that into a story that is understandable for our non-technical staff and leave the financial jargon out of it when necessary.  You are more than comfortable with technology, both financial systems and non-financial systems. You have used Adaptive Planning before, but even if you haven’t, that’s ok because you have the agility to learn new things and require minimal supervision after that. You embrace technology as you realize that it is a perfect complement to financial data analysis.  Proactive monitoring of transactions is second nature to you, not only that but you are able to interpret internal policies, rules and compliance along with external regulations to ensure that the proper action is taken. You understand the importance of strong internal controls and use that knowledge to make processes better.  You can Identify and resolve unique issues with substantial significance; recognize exceptions, conduct in-depth analysis using advanced technical knowledge and experience. You possess excellent excel skills and use it creatively to analyze data, develop complex budget and planning scenarios.  You like to share your knowledge with others because you thrive in a collaborative environment. While you may be new to a role or even new to using a system, once you learn it, you enjoy sharing that knowledge with team members.  You are meticulously detail oriented, insatiably curious, and full of integrity.  Who will you support: There are many departments at LBRE, your primary focus will be on, but not limited to, Facilities Operations. Facilities Operations is responsible for maintaining the academic buildings and grounds of the Stanford campus and is the operations and maintenance side of the Land, Buildings & Real Estate organization. Facilities Operations functions as stewards of campus physical assets and provider of support services.  What work will you do**: Financial planning and analysis for various BGM and SEM departments; develop detailed annual budget, full-mid-year reforecast, capital plan, critically investigate and write up informative variance explanations. Interpret, implement and ensure compliance with university policies and procedures (particularly as related to service centers and various fund types) Perform highly analytical, complex finance and control functions; multi-dimensional and complex reconciliations and related analysis; prepare or review and approve complex transactions and higher level dollar value transactions. Research, and synthesize data; interpolate results from large amounts of data, identify trends in data, draw conclusions, develop solutions, present and implement recommendations, and create follow up analysis. Develop complex budget and forecasting scenarios, long-range planning and analyses for financial reporting and presentations; design and run ad hoc reports. Identify and resolve unique issues with substantial significance; recognize exceptions, and conduct in-depth analysis using advanced technical knowledge and experience. Recommend and develop solutions that may require policy changes or the development of new processes; maintain broader organizational and university perspective in decision making. Review, design, and implement appropriate internal control programs, research new regulations, and implement approved changes. Manage compliance program for area of responsibility, interpret internal policy and external regulations, and create and/or review complex compliance reports. Lead and execute unit or cross functional projects and teams, make decisions regarding projects and programs affecting operational effectiveness, policies, or processes. Engage in continuous critical analysis of existing systems and processes; make recommendations to achieve greater efficiencies and improve internal controls. Define requirements, develop and implement complex test cases, perform testing and analyze results. Lead and support unit and organization strategy and change management initiatives. Provide training on new financial systems. Represent organization to client group(s) and external partners; serve as subject matter expert on matters that involve complex technical, financial, or subject matter expertise. Assess client and business needs, and formulate recommendations to determine approach to managing and completing processes. May supervise, train, coach, and review the work of other staff, as needed. Contribute primarily through applying individual expertise This and many other financial adventures await your arrival…  **Additional duties as applicable to the role What we are looking for: You have a Bachelor’s degree in Business, Finance, Accounting or Economics and six years of relevant experience or combination of education and relevant experience. You are proficient with excel – advanced formula use. Advanced proficiency in business applications, such as Microsoft Office Suite, especially Excel. Knowledge of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Demonstrated knowledge of financial systems and aptitude to learn new systems Strong verbal and written communication, and presentation skills Excellent analytical skills and ability to work independently and as a team player Proven ability to perform with a high degree of accuracy under tight deadlines and ability to effectively multitask. Strong project management skills and ability to contribute to or lead part of a multi-functional team.  Preferred but not required: Proficiency with Oracle systems in general Proficiency with Adaptive Planning MBA or CPA  Why Stanford is for You Imagine a world without search engines or social platforms. Consider lives saved through first-ever organ transplants and research to cure illnesses. Stanford University has revolutionized the way we live and enrich the world. Supporting this mission is our diverse and dedicated 17,000 staff. We seek talent driven to impact the future of our legacy. Check out the Our culture and unique perks empower you with: Freedom to grow. We offer career development programs, tuition reimbursement, or audit a course. Join a TedTalk, film screening, or listen to a renowned author or global leader speak. A caring culture. We provide superb retirement plans, generous time-off, and family care resources. A healthier you. Climb our rock wall, or choose from hundreds of health or fitness classes at our world-class exercise facilities. We also provide excellent health care benefits. Discovery and fun. Stroll through historic sculptures, trails, and museums. Enviable resources. Enjoy free commuter programs, ridesharing incentives, discounts and more!  How to Apply We invite you to apply by clicking on the “Apply for Job” button. Don’t forget to attach your resume.  Stanford is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.  Consistent with its obligations under the law, the University will provide reasonable accommodation to any employee with a disability who requires accommodation to perform the essential functions of the job.  The job duties listed are typical examples of work performed by positions in this job classification and are not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, tasks, and responsibilities. Specific duties and responsibilities may vary depending on department or program needs without changing the general nature and scope of the job or level of responsibility. Employees may also perform other duties as assigned.  Final offers of employment are contingent upon successful completion of national criminal background check, national sex offender registry search and, where applicable, driving record."
557,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=e9fca8aa11e4cef3&fccid=c1099851e9794854&vjs=3,"Summary Posted: Jun 28, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200227945 Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming phenomenal products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job, and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Do you love thinking analytically? Are you passionate about using your financial knowledge to navigate complex challenges? Just as our customers find value in Apple products, the Finance group finds value for both Apple and its shareholders. As part of this group, youʼll play an integral role in ensuring our day- to-day financial health. You and your team will support Appleʼs growth, both top and bottom line, by applying the same level of innovation toward financial matters as we do toward our products and services. Youʼll also collaborate with Apple teams across the world to develop more effective investment strategies and risk management. Finance is essential to upholding our global dedication to perfection, and it is directly responsible for shaping the companyʼs future. Join us, and youʼll have a meaningful role in continuing Appleʼs legacy of efficiency and success. Key Qualifications 5+ years of relevant experience in a high performance and high growth organization Proven track record of independently completing challenging projects, leading multiple priorities, designing and executing ad hoc analysis and building effective business partnerships A self-starter with the ability to meet deadlines in a fast-paced and dynamic environment. Strong knowledge of Excel Experience with enterprise software systems (e.g. SAP, Business Objects, Tableau, ThoughtSpot) a plus Strong verbal and written communication skills with the ability to clearly articulate results to both senior leadership and large groups, representing Finance perspective to non-Finance business partners Desire to learn and grow in a hardworking, collaborative environment Description The Retail Americas Senior Finance Analyst will be one of the finance leads supporting the Americas Leadership team. In this role, the Analyst will provide innovative analysis and financial forethought across over 300 of our Retail Stores in 4 countries. The role offers partnering opportunities with a wide variety of Retail teams including those in the Field as well as Strategy & Operations, Market Development, Digital, and Real Estate. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE: Drive resource prioritization and investment decisions across 300+ stores Develop and track weekly performance of stores operations and resources, including 35K+ field employees Plan for, report on, and analyze top line results across the Americas retail segment Partner with senior field leadership to develop actionable targets and goals Provide launch support and ongoing analysis and performance management for commercial programs Analyze and interpret results to influence and educate business partners Cultivate partnerships and collaborate with central Finance partners to understand global strategies and share region specific insights and results Support Americas Leadership Team in development of cross functional strategy plan for AMR Region, supporting key global initiatives Create and conduct analysis and develop and present insights to key functional business partners and leadership Education & Experience BS/BA or equivalent in business or related field."
558,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0C9NbM5eTIyBy5lsQEfjp0LiR4ZnSOO0g4plUqowSZMmwKNhg9sK_ssyMkRY9ssskwHGm5KlfxSU-3hiXHr85iwMWHeGyjPC2R5lmcqKhmFHDSiB9g_GfnbN95_tFNYFoK7qnECCyyaiopvbSARVNqaPUyrG04fzhACFuptINg09thIXVa83-ase4yxczmiNjR3yOWLUrX74-h9Fub_dCVCUT6cQfr_XiIHLKSPHkXbCETwZsWHlTsyPnKHp7pPHkHdrYhZQXSXcDJi1Gn7RWOpCEIVKkpFsd_tAfID1ndEVTHUU24Y8RXVusuHFLMeaNB4jdsWcMg2HxMCvg1GH_gnX-c3e2Dgq1CyFhj9K_tKan_VlMzSQ9H7Nazej2pMbl2FgdrvdEShlqDJLShBL8DJEbdihe0ECCs4SKg8gnWeckMyjAjBjGQL5UEXiDxhZ7QMnMVA0lawfGuFcAx_26EXeMQAvrNAeyylAuqhgC2BoSplujMJciMtgKANgHYuOyw=&p=13&fvj=1&vjs=3,"Job DescriptionJob Title: Financial AnalystLocation:  San Jose California USA 95131Duration: 9+ Months ContractDescription: Key financial business partner to the San Jose Instruments Leadership team, Procurement, Facilities, Engineering. Also, requires close working relationships with the Plant Controllers across the globe.Manage /support the annual budgeting, quarterly forecasting, and ASR for the business unit. This includes manufacturing variance/absorption, spending, capital, inventory, revaluation, & E&O forecasting.Develop new analyses / financial models to drive management decisions and cost improvementDrive operational improvements, maintain and improve processes and controlsBusiness partner with manufacturing sites including:Ensure timely and accurate financial performance reporting / perform month-end close activityValidating production volumes and analyzing leverageEnsuring that productivity factors are in-line with expectationsWorking with Operations and Strategic Sourcing to minimize material inflationConducting reviews to ensure staffing and overhead structures are appropriateAssist/support internal and external audits.Ad hoc support or special projectsContract length: 9 monthsJob Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $40.00 - $44.00 per hourSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Finance: 1 year (Preferred)Financial Analysis: 1 year (Preferred)Work Remotely:No"
559,San+Jose,financial+analyst,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=80612563df161f10&fccid=dd49ef4292ee4688&vjs=3,"Send us a note and a resume at jobs@keatingconsulting.com Are you analytical? Do you want to use your financial knowhow to help navigate and solve complex challenges? Would you like to help venture backed startups make sound financial and strategic decisions that drive sustainable and scalable business growth for an early stage startup? Then we want you!  We are in search of a Financial Analyst with an entrepreneurial approach to their craft. This position will provide part time CFO/finance support for our clients (the role itself is full time working with 4-7 of our start up clients). You will have the opportunity for a multitude of exciting and challenging experiences, working very closely with our CFOs and Controllers, getting trained on all of the tricks of the trade to promote professional advancement.  If you are looking for an opportunity to jump in and learn how startups use finance to develop new tools and insights to drive growth, get in touch!   Position Responsibilities:  Analyze current and past trends in key performance indicators including all areas of revenue, cost of sales, expenses and capital expenditures Monitor performance indicators, highlighting trends and analyzing causes of unexpected variance Oversee and manage the continued development of Budgeting, Financial Forecasting, Operating Plan and Modeling tools Ad-Hoc Reporting and Analysis Quarterly and monthly financial reports Implement and work with a Business Intelligence Tool and Dashboard reports Improve performance by evaluating processes to drive efficiencies and understand ROI in marketing programs, menu pricing, new store rollouts, as well as new projects Develop financial models and analyses to support strategic initiatives Analyze complex financial information and reports to provide accurate and timely financial recommendations to management for decision making purposes Supporting senior management team and department heads with in-depth analysis Prepare presentations to Board of Directors and senior management team  Qualifications:  3+ year experience in Financial Planning & Analysis Bachelor's Degree in Accounting or Finance Proven understanding of GAAP in constructing financial modeling and reports Strong leadership skills required Excellent verbal and writing abilities Advanced Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint skills Highest standards of accuracy and precision; highly organized Ability to think creatively, highly driven and self-motivated. Highly detail-oriented; ability to meet deadlines and demonstrate effective problem-solving skills Demonstrated ability to roll-up sleeves and work with team members in a hands-on management capacity"
