,Unnamed: 0,location,job_title,url,job_desc
1,1,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BLzogDK9wRVFiUMOVrptJnax_mui56CeEwPjYnbOa27GMnFPIxi-td2TOMRZFoVqGbpUHn-E1U2ikXM2u2K-gHthAUwLeD6-sWHFgPbwdxRNyrVpDdaTkUWZevphqMfZivIEIhUoiDeQ7NnKIIlnBxkHQ-222N6dzzYPJ4Z6TXM6r5jtnwLJx0F0fsTx_HCvbEQ-3hTZXNI6g3ExScjxhgo3ne7RKbdTcB9mtzc5_mzHt1vanFAC6BYZthWZeQDIPCmb0VlHREMg75qdJSC2-SCe0_TEE_FfUSdY7iIptDTHpye2rbe1m-19ra8-d6pBmANf0Vkh2GDsmLpr2nzVxNmVwPHIAgAhgRIPR3gTmF1hiiF9tyUcJIn5JQPa2xsg__GjbJvAo9tQWQhIu0YYyXov6bv6XGXB5_1u5KCvarbPcJfeVeFD77bPzqMJxCmVeHAlcobd13Qwxb2c85IYJG8DyMPuh1P0tonuJx0AblF_fZ2vKPFBwkvJzinxSl807aj7LWDERS-6M8N-XjnX6SAoCDjO8B3gg=&p=1&fvj=0&vjs=3,"Click “Apply on Company Website” and our recruiting assistant Olivia will help you schedule an interview with our team. TurnPoint Services is a national leading service provider of plumbing, electrical and HVAC. The key to growth of the business is its people. We are dedicated to creating an environment that attracts and retains talented and passionate people. The key outcome to our unprecedented growth is through supporting a healthy and productive relationship with our team and continuing to improve performance by enhancing the career path of each of our team members. Data scientists utilize their analytical, statistical, and programming skills to collect, analyze, and interpret large data sets. They then use this information to develop data-driven solutions to difficult business challenges. Data scientists commonly have a bachelor's degree in statistics, math, computer science, or economics. Data scientists have a wide range of technical competencies including: statistics and machine learning, coding languages, databases, machine learning, and reporting technologies. It is essential that this individual can hit the ground running and be up to speed with our procedures quickly. This individual is responsible for managing & implementing enterprise systems in a fast-paced environment with a heavy emphasis on automation, process improvement, and innovative solutions. This position reports directly to the Senior Director, IT & Business Integration. Pay Range: $100,000 - $120,000 yrAnnual Bonus Opportunity ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS and RESPONSIBILITIES: o Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions. o Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies. o Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques. o Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. o Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes. o Develop company A/B testing framework and test model quality. o Ability to understand API Specs, identify relevant API calls, extract/transform data and implement SQL friendly data structures o Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes. o Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy. QUALIFICATIONS:  o Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions. o Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies. o Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques. o Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. o Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes. o Develop company A/B testing framework and test model quality. o Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes. o Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy. Additional Compensation and Benefits:Affordable Medical, Dental and Vision plans401K with 3% company matchShort- and Long-Term Disability plansAccident & Critical Illness Insurance available 20K Life Insurance Policy freeAdditional life insurance available 6 Paid Holidays each yearPaid Time Off  TurnPoint Services – Turning Bad Days into Good Ones. Turnpoint Services is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law."
2,2,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BVoV32QmoUFgOupNolFmN9Fybhu4UG63m2DRXRK3OC9u2gTASRHwTteS7igaL9EldSSuCjYP1Ptq4LwI9P4lT1zRf9b0wZv1khMeqjdA4lBRRZxNAXAzSQes2FHqaa1VSon-smN7IuJaMVTdqJfmIx1lkO8pT7PNygT_3OpT49zKx2BNp5B2y6POnqqpRJkSauU0w9KeGOLcbhJ5UTDyYWobj9z5UiBxFFmIUSpYGPpjplVrNBGNuORXceLgzZiiv4wHQeXfNdQbwPUKRhQfqHx89xrNgtk5KbMrNRkXSWV4PAOGpgihy6m4qd3yg_uo5BqWdxfDlKPH9W1tFViEd3xO7f2lgeXWjvMqKHJt6oFwTJ38ZzD0nUqfEKNDQ6gqryvtkOKEe72N7w4H0j0cUyoHh_ty88Wo6dAVxLRlOF7fPODZUE47xBMF9tbfRcYnkp1xE5CO5QcReVXu7wiBaoFVFHLHpc8733p8IgQ8H0d7GSlBJ64ppvEKpXi_Fk4qZWXc0qRmQR1DjWjneiWxWAJoLbcRdF4qE=&p=2&fvj=1&vjs=3,"Overview: Responsible for discovering insights from structured and unstructured data to help shape or meet specific business needs and goals. Must use data analytics to drive decision-making and lean on automation and machine learning as core components of this strategy.Special Instructions: This can be a remote position Responsibilities: The Data Scientist position (II, II and III) will be leading efforts on Data extraction, interpretation and analysis within the organization. There may be greater emphasis on predictive Analytics using Artificial intelligence and data modeling. Communication and interpersonal skills are key to successfully driving home results discovered to a larger community that may not have deep knowledge of Mathematics and statistics.Primary Duties and Responsibilities:Extract and Interpret Data to strengthen or align with ARH’s overall business goalsWork closely with business stakeholders to understand their goals and determine how data can be used to achieve those goals. Analyze data and share these insights with the right teams in the form of reports, dashboards, graphs, and charts.Work in tandem with data analysts, data engineers, business intelligence specialists, and data architects to create and maintain databases, analyze data, and communicate business insights. Identify the data analytics problems that offer the greatest opportunities to the organization.Cleaning, restructuring, and enriching raw data to make it analyzable.Using AI to identify trends in Data, predict results, and add value to business decisions and operations.Search for ways to get new data sources and assess their accuracy.Create custom data models and algorithmsCoordinate with various technical/functional teams to implement models and monitor resultsDevelop processes, techniques, and tools to analyze and monitor model performance while ensuring data accuracyBrowse and analyze enterprise databases to simplify and improve product development, marketing techniques, and business processesQualifications: EducationBachelor Degree in Computer Science or related field. Ten plus years of experience in Data extraction, reporting, analysis and associated tools. Advanced Degree in Data Analytics preferred.***Minimum Work Experience*Proven experience as a Data Scientist or Data AnalystExperience in data miningUnderstanding of machine-learning and operations researchKnowledge of R, SQL and Python; familiarity with Scala, Java or C++ is an assetExperience using business intelligence tools (e.g. Tableau) and data frameworks (e.g. Hadoop)Analytical mind and business acumenStrong math skills (e.g. statistics, algebra)Problem-solving aptitudeExcellent communication and presentation skillsRequired Skills, Knowledge, and AbilitiesStatistical analysis: Identify patterns in data. This includes having a keen sense of pattern detection and anomaly detection.Machine learning: Implement algorithms and statistical models to enable a computer to automatically learn from data.Computer science: Apply the principles of artificial intelligence, database systems, human/computer interaction, numerical analysis, and software engineering.Programming: Write computer programs and analyze large datasets to uncover answers to complex problems. Data scientists need to be comfortable writing code working in a variety of languages such as Java, R, Python, and SQL.Data storytelling: Communicate actionable insights using data, often for a non-technical audience.Data scientists play a key role in helping organizations make sound decisions. As such, they need “soft skills” in the following areas.Business intuition: Connect with stakeholders to gain a full understanding of the problems they are looking to solve.Analytical thinking.Find analytical solutions to abstract business issues.Critical thinking: Apply objective analysis of facts before coming to a conclusion.Inquisitiveness: Look beyond what is on the surface to discover patterns and solutions within the data.Interpersonal skills: Communicate across a diverse audience across all levels of an organization.Location: 100 Airport Gardens Road, Hazard, KY 41701Location: 100 Airport Gardens Road, Hazard, KY 41701Job Type: Full-timeApplication Question:Do you have a minimum of 3 years’ experience as a Data Scientist OR 10 years in Data extraction, reporting, analysis and associated tools?Work Location:Multiple locationsWork Remotely:Yes"
3,3,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=cdd0f3d04580cf76&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3," Bachelor’s degree in a highly quantitative field (Computer Science, Machine Learning, Operational Research, Statistics, Mathematics, etc.) or equivalent professional or military experience Experience with ML fields, e.g., natural language processing, computer vision, statistical learning theory 4+ years of industry experience in predictive modeling, data science, and analysis Experience in an ML engineer or data scientist role building and deploying ML models or hands on experience developing deep learning models Experience writing code in Python, R, Scala, Java, C++ with documentation for reproducibility Experience handling terabyte size datasets, diving into data to discover hidden patterns, using data visualization tools, writing SQL, and working with GPUs to develop models Experience writing and speaking about technical concepts to business, technical, and lay audiences and giving data-driven presentations  Want to help the largest global enterprises derive business value through the adoption of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML)? Excited by using massive amounts of disparate data to develop ML models? Eager to learn to apply ML to a diverse array of enterprise use cases? Thrilled to be a part of Amazon who has been pioneering and shaping the world’s AI/ML technology for decades?  At Amazon Web Services (AWS), we are helping large enterprises build ML models on the AWS Cloud. We are applying predictive technology to large volumes of data and against a wide spectrum of problems. AWS Professional Services works together with AWS customers to address their business needs using AI solutions.  AWS Professional Services is a unique consulting team. We pride ourselves on being customer obsessed and highly focused on the AI enablement of our customers. If you have experience with AI, including building ML models, we’d like to have you join our team. You will get to work with an innovative company, with great teammates, and have a lot of fun helping our customers. A successful candidate will be a person who enjoys diving deep into data, doing analysis, discovering root causes, and designing long-term solutions.  Inclusive Team Culture Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have thirteen employee-led affinity groups, reaching 85,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 16 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.  Work/Life Balance Our team puts a high value on work-life harmony. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here. We are a customer-obsessed organization—leaders start with the customer and work backwards. They work vigorously to earn and keep customer trust. As such, this is a customer facing role in a hybrid delivery model. Project engagements include remote delivery methods and onsite engagement that will include travel to customer locations as needed.  Mentorship & Career Growth Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded professional and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.  This is a customer-facing role and you will be required to travel to client locations and deliver professional services as needed.  Major responsibilities include:  Assist customers by being able to deliver a ML project from beginning to end, including understanding the business need, aggregating data, exploring data, building & validating predictive models, and deploying completed models with concept-drift monitoring and retraining to deliver business impact to the organization Use AWS AI services (e.g., Personalize), ML platforms (SageMaker), and frameworks (e.g., MXNet, TensorFlow, PyTorch, SparkML, scikit-learn) to help our customers build ML models Research and implement novel ML approaches, including hardware optimizations on platforms such as AWS Inferentia Work with our other Professional Services consultants (Big Data, IoT, HPC) to analyze, extract, normalize, and label relevant data, and with our Professional Services engineers to operationalize customers’ models after they are prototyped Master’s degree of PhD in a highly quantitative field (Computer Science, Machine Learning, Operational Research, Statistics, Mathematics, etc.) Ability to develop strategic, baselined, data modeling processes; ability to accurately determine cause-and-effect relationships. Publications or presentations in recognized ML journals or conferences Deep technical skills, consulting experience, and business savvy to interface with all levels and disciplines within our customers’ organization Demonstrable track record of dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment  Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.  Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.  Pursuant to the Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.  For employees based in Colorado, this position starts at $114,700 per year. A sign-on bonus and restricted stock units may be provided as part of the compensation package, in addition to a range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits, dependent on the position offered."
4,4,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=acf0d59fc2f760ba&fccid=2259246cd8a35c6c&vjs=3,"Position Summary:  The Data Scientist – Level I is a skillful team player with a clear track record of transforming data into actionable insights and knowledge. This individual is a deliberate and systematic scientist who can clearly articulate the hypotheses to be tested, practice with rigor and precision, and maintain a balanced/independent point of view to achieve valid and accepted findings. Uses social determinants of health data sets in conjunction with administrative claims and electronic health records to measure the relational impact of these variables when applicable.  It is essential for this person to be a very effective communicator who can guide business and clinical customers to understanding of applied methods, rationale, statistical validity and the appropriate application of insights. Neurology Exempt TMC location Full Time Position Key Accountabilities: 1. Supports faculty and clinical, business and research customers with data science services on a variety of projects which may include clinical operations, hospital quality/safety, finance, supply chain, practice management, population health, personalized medicine and translational research. 2. Builds models that incorporate diverse data sets representing administrative, clinical and social health indicators when applicable. 3. Apply a variety of methods such as statistical analysis, data mining, predictive analytics, time series analysis, multivariate regression analysis, statistical process control and optimization solutions. 4. Perform as a results-oriented problem solver to quickly synthesize complex scenarios, connect abstract patterns/information, apply appropriate methods, and implement practical and timely solutions. 5. Demonstrate and embrace a collaborative approach to fully realize the talents of colleagues such as data stewards, IT staff, business analysts, business stakeholders and industry experts. 6. Assess the impact of computer networking and data warehousing on data use and analysis when applicable. 7. Perform other duties as assigned. Certification/Skills:Proficiency with statistical packages, data bases and programming languages for data preparation, storage, transformation, analysis or visualization. Examples include R, SAS, STATA, SPSS, Matlab, SQL, Python, Hadoop, Pig, Hive, MapReduce, Java Tableau, Excel or other big data frameworks.Ability to work with a wide variety of data formats/sources such as relational databases, XML, JSON, CSV, text, sensors/activity trackers, clickstreams, social media, and geolocationEffective communication skills including written, oral, listening and interpersonal. Minimum Education: Master’s degree in health care, management, mathematics, engineering, informatics, or a related field Minimum Experience: 1 year of enterprise experience as a data scientist, informaticist, statistician, senior analyst or related role Physical Requirements: Exerts up to 20 pounds of force occasionally and/or up to 10 pounds frequently and/or a negligible amount constantly to move objects. Security Sensitive: This job class may contain positions that are security sensitive and thereby subject to the provisions of Texas Education Code § 51.215"
5,5,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=696e20a4c49a9294&fccid=ab68ed48b7ae3b5f&vjs=3,"SUMMARY   The primary purpose of the Data Scientist, Finance position is to design, develop, and manage predictive models, statistical models, and reusable data science solutions for decision making in financial operations and strategic planning. Uses programming, data modeling, simulation, and advanced analytics to predict and forecast data. Evaluates data science methods and procedures to ensure validity, applicability, efficiency, and accuracy. Plan data collection methods for projects. Generate and test hypotheses and analyze and interpret the results. Train others in applying data science methods for various data sets and data science software.   JOB SPECIFIC COMPETENCIES  Data Science Consulting, Collaboration and Reporting  Design, develop, configure, and manage reusable data science solutions and statistical models that can be applied by financial operations, analytics, and planning teams to support decision making. Create reports and presentations for business use cases. Predict and measure the accuracy of forecasts and predictions to continuously drive operational and financial effectiveness. The resource will deliver both capacity and demand based data science solutions. Educate business and analytics teams on how to apply data science methods across various data sets. Provide training on data science / statistical software like Python, R, or other relevant platforms.  Adapt data science methods to promote decision quality across finance, planning, business operations, revenue cycle, costing, strategic analytics, and clinical operations. Evaluate the data science methods and procedures used to obtain data in order to ensure validity, applicability, efficiency, and accuracy. Identify relationships and trends in data, as well as any factors that could affect the results. Plan data collection methods for specific projects, and determine the types and sizes of sample groups to be used. Process large amounts of data for statistical modeling and graphic analysis. Report and interpret results of statistical analyses, including information in the form of graphs, charts, and tables.   Oral and Written Communication   Express ideas clearly and concisely in groups and one-to-one conversations; create an environment with open channels of communication. Convey information clearly and concisely through both formal and informal documents;   Other duties as assigned  Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Industrial Engineering, Biostatistics, Bioinformatics, or related field. Four years of experience in data science solutions, data modeling, statistical analysis, application coding or programming, machine learning algorithms, data mining, or data visualization. With preferred degree, two years of experience in data science solutions, data modeling, statistic analysis, application coding or programming, machine learning algorithms, data mining, or data visualization. May substitute require education degree with additional years of equivalent experience on a one to one basis.  It is the policy of The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center to provide equal employment opportunity without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other basis protected by institutional policy or by federal, state or local laws unless such distinction is required by law. http://www.mdanderson.org/about-us/legal-and-policy/legal-statements/eeo-affirmative-action.html  Additional Information  Requisition ID: 140890 Employment Status: Full-Time Employee Status: Regular FLSA: exempt and not eligible for overtime pay Work Week: Days Fund Type: Hard Pivotal Position: No Minimum Salary: US Dollar (USD) 81,600 Midpoint Salary: US Dollar (USD) 102,000 Maximum Salary : US Dollar (USD) 122,400 Science Jobs: No"
6,6,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=7e7d4e49c972c293&fccid=1b866506aec22461&vjs=3,"Recognized authority internally and externally on leading-edge technologies, theories, or techniques. Provides innovative solutions to complex and critically sensitive issues affecting multiple disciplines and work groups. Determines and pursues courses of action essential in accomplishing objectives. Integrates advanced technology, theories or techniques that have a significant continued impact across disciplines and business units. Serves as organization spokesperson on specialized projects or programs. Champions large projects that affect the company’s long-range goals and objectives. Provides mentoring and guidance to lower level employees. Responsibilities Develops data science strategy and technology roadmaps for system design and development across multiple platforms and products in the Global Business Unit and company at large. Communicates strategy and technology roadmaps to executive staff, industry partners and customers; leverages recognized technical and business expertise to influence, guide, and shape business strategy and decision- making at the highest organizational levels. Provides consultation, design input, and feedback for data science solution development and design reviews across multiple organizations and architectures. Guides and mentors less- experienced staff members to set an example of software systems design and development innovation and excellence. Participates in and provides input on process for selection of future technical leaders. Knowledge & Skills Industry expert regarding development of data science solutions and technologies. History of innovation with multiple patents or deployed solutions in the field of data science. Outstanding analytical and problem-solving skills. Experience in overall architecture of software and data management systems, data transformation methodologies and big data solutions. Exceptional ability to define and create complex models to pull valuable insights, predictions and innovation from data and effectively visualize and tell stories that communicate data insights. Excellent written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and local language. Ability to effectively communicate product architectures, design proposals and negotiate options at the most senior organizational levels. Scope & Impact Collaborates with peers, junior engineers, technicians and external design partners. Serves on Industry Standard Forums Typically interacts with high-level Individual Contributors, Managers, Directors, EXEC2s and EXEC3s. Drives future technology roadmap and influences company direction across multiple business units Education & Experience Bachelor's, Master's or PHD degree in Mathematics, Economics, Physics, Computer Science, or equivalent. Typically 15+ years’ experience including graduate or postgraduate research.. About HP   You’re out to reimagine and reinvent what’s possible—in your career as well as the world around you.  So are we. We love taking on tough challenges, disrupting the status quo, and creating what’s next. We’re in search of talented people who are inspired by big challenges, driven to learn and grow, and dedicated to making a meaningful difference.   HP is a technology company that operates in more than 170 countries around the world united in creating technology that makes life better for everyone, everywhere.   Our history: HP’s commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion – it's just who we are.  From the boardroom to factory floor, we create a culture where everyone is respected and where people can be themselves, while being a part of something bigger than themselves. We celebrate the notion that you can belong at HP and bring your authentic self to work each and every day. When you do that, you’re more innovative and that helps grow our bottom line. Come to HP and thrive!"
8,8,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=0926a9bf66a45e21&fccid=ab68ed48b7ae3b5f&vjs=3,"The mission of The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center is to eliminate cancer in Texas, the nation, and the world through outstanding programs that integrate patient care, research and prevention, and through education for undergraduate and graduate students, trainees, professionals, employees and the public.   The Research Assistant I in Radiation Oncology-Research will work closely with faculty, trainees, staff and collaborators to provide support for Dr. Chung's lab projects by organizing, collecting, recording and maintaining imaging data in an accurate and timely manner. The Research Assistant I will also develop algorithms (coding) for data modeling, analysis and visualization in Dr. Chung's lab.  KEY FUNCTIONS   1. Collaborate with faculty, trainees and staff in Radiation Oncology and other departments to conduct clinical and/or non-clinical research projects, including but not limited to human subjects and imaging research. 2. Complete protocol/project-specific tasks, which may include collecting, organizing and processing imaging data. 3. Maintain accurate, detailed records and experimental data. 4. Develops (or assists as needed) and maintains detailed project plans and documentation of data for the organization of the lab.  5. Assists with the curation and cleaning of clinical and imaging data for the development of computational and machine learning models. 6. Assists with the development of algorithms (coding) for data modeling, analysis and visualization. 7. Communicates clearly in oral and written communications and face-to-face encounters with institutional and external collaborators using appropriate terminology (i.e. medical) as needed. 8. Assists in the preparation of information and reports for project PI as requested. 9. Assist in the preparation of data used for progress reports, manuscripts, presentations and abstracts by cleaning and entering data in data management programs in a timely fashion. 10. Attends and participates in departmental activities and initiatives.  11. Perform other duties as assigned.  WORKING CONDITIONS   This position requires working in an office environment; continual use of a computer/keyboard.   This position requires:  Working in Office Environment ______ No __X___ Yes Working in Patient Care Unit (e.g. Nursing unit; outpatient clinic) X No ______ Yes Exposure to human/animal blood, body fluids, or tissues __X___ No Yes Exposure to harmful chemicals ___X__ No Yes Exposure to radiation __X__ No Yes Exposure to animals __X___ No Yes  PHYSICAL DEMANDS Indicate the time required to do each of the following physical demands: Time Spent Never 0% Occasionally 1-33% Frequently 34-66% Continuously 67-100%  Standing X  Walking X  Sitting X Reaching X  Lifting/Carrying Up to 10 lbs X  10lbs to 50 lbs X  More than 50 lbs X  Pushing/Pulling Up to 10 lbs X  10lbs to 50 lbs X  More than 50 lbs X  Use computer/keyboard X  Education Required: Bachelor's degree, major course work in one of the basic sciences.   Preferred: Master's in data science   Experience Required: No experience.   Preferred: Computer programing, clinical and/or laboratory experience.   It is the policy of The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center to provide equal employment opportunity without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other basis protected by institutional policy or by federal, state or local laws unless such distinction is required by law. http://www.mdanderson.org/about-us/legal-and-policy/legal-statements/eeo-affirmative-action.html  Additional Information  Requisition ID: 139419 Employment Status: Full-Time Employee Status: Regular FLSA: non-exempt, eligible for overtime, and is subject to the provisions of the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) Work Week: Days Fund Type: Soft Pivotal Position: No Minimum Salary: US Dollar (USD) 30,400 Midpoint Salary: US Dollar (USD) 38,000 Maximum Salary : US Dollar (USD) 45,600 Science Jobs: Yes"
9,9,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=df6688374abcf832&fccid=eb32d63d83652f51&vjs=3,"We have been retained by our client in Houston, Texas to deliver a Data Engineer/Architect on a direct-hire basis. This offer is regular full-time, salaried position with a development team with a massive amount of career opportunity, and large bonuses and stock offered. This package is amazing! They hold on to their employees, and treat them well. Low turnover at this company.   Design distributed software architecture and implement systems for data - capturing, loading, processing, big data, or data for machine learning, artificial intelligence systems using distributed file systems, using python, and modern data platform technologies, massively parallel processing, MapR, Hadoop , NoSQL databases, Columnar Databases (i.e. skills with these help, but are not required, and these are not used: Hive, Cassandra, Neo4J, DynamoDB, DocumentAPI, Couchbase, Azure Cosmos DB). This is software architecture and engineering of distributed MPP systems with Python . Data modeling. Data Analysis. But more so software architecture of data systems. Work with algorithms. Create algorithms in python. Extend python algorithms or Python automation tools and features. Work with big data, modern tools in data science, side by side with engineering and business decision makers to help decide how to best impact the bottom line and profit. This is a Leadership position mentoring junior engineers from a design perspective. Think like and work as an architect, reviewing code, keeping things flexible, or extendable, or scalable, easy to maintain, driving technical thought and leadership, but also doing implementation. Take existing Python framework extend it, keep it flexible, and 8 data engineers on this team, – all Python, 8 data engineers, 7 data scientists. The team uses: Kubernetes, Distributed File Systems, and Massively Parallel Processing (MPP), Azure Dev Ops on prem, but this role almost all python and architecture.  Responsibilities:  Work directly with engineering Subject Matter Experts and business operations stakeholders and data scientists to understand the objectives of data analytics sought, distributed data systems needed, and recommend and develop solutions, and deliver accurate, clean, and well-prepared data sets in a timely manner. Collect, explore, and prepare data for advanced analytics and machine learning. Perform exploratory data analysis and present findings for further analysis. Architect and implement high quality analytical applications and data products. Automate manual data flows for repeated use and scalability with python. Develop data-intensive applications with API’s and streaming data pipelines with python. Operationalize statistical and machine learning models. Assists data analysts and data scientists with data extraction, feature engineering, query optimization, and data processing with python Implement data quality checks to ensure data accuracy, consistency, and reliability Identify opportunities for data improvements and presents recommendations to management  Requirements We seek a candidate with: 5+ years Python for data movements, data automation, data cleansing and creation and extension of algorithms 3+ years design of distributed software architecture to implement systems for data - capturing, loading, processing, big data, or data for machine learning, artificial intelligence systems using distributed file systems, using python, and modern data platform technologies, massively parallel processing data sets. Skills such as the following are helpful: MapR, Hadoop, NoSQL databases, Columnar Databases (i.e. skills with these help, but are not required, and these are not used: Hive, Cassandra, Neo4J, DynamoDB, DocumentAPI, Couchbase, Azure Cosmos DB). software architecture and engineering of distributed MPP systems with Python. Data modeling. Data Analysis. But more so software architecture of data systems. Apache, Kubernetes, MPP, distributed data systems. Data engineering. 5+ years of SQL JSON calls to a NoSQL database Data modeling exploratory data analysis using common statistical methods time series analysis IIoT, IoT, industrial internet of things, internet of things collecting data An understanding of OOP OOD Design Principles and Patterns, SOLID principles, Testing, CI/CD, version control, and basically how Kubernetes works, Kubernetes is a plus, but not required. Experience in presenting and explaining complex concepts to engineering or business stakeholders Employment Type: Direct Hire   Pay Rate: $140,000 to 160,000 per year salary   Benefits: life, health, dental, vision, 401k matching, paid vacation, paid holidays, paid sick days, performance bonus. This is an excellent benefits package. Big bonuses. Stock.   Location: Houston, Texas - near downtown Houston area - M-F, onsite   Immigration: US citizens and those authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply. We are unable to sponsor H1b candidates at this time.   No third parties. No consulting firms. Principals only."
10,10,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=2d4863f8860e82e3&fccid=ab68ed48b7ae3b5f&vjs=3,"The Immunology department at MD Anderson Cancer Center seeks to determine the fundamental cellular and molecular mechanisms of a wide range of processes by which the body recognizes and eliminates pathogens and use these findings to unleash the patient's own immune system against previously treatment-resistant cancers. Treating the immune system rather than the cancer itself, the therapeutics developed are applicable to many cancers.  KEY FUNCTIONS  Plans, organizes, coordinates, directs and participates in scientific research projects. Compiles, writes and submits reports to superior. Assigns and reviews work of subordinates, determines specific goals or objectives to be attained, evaluates resulting research data, and revises techniques or approaches to work problems. Optimizes and establishes new technologies (analysis software) to be used in the Immunotherapy Platform. Analyzes and interprets high dimensional datasets, for example, flow cytometry data (17-18 colors) using FlowJo and mass cytometry data (35-40 colors) using ViSNE, Phenograph and FlowSOM. Develops bioinformatic tools for biomarker identification. Analyzes genomic data such as single-cell RNA-sequencing (scRNA-seq) on tumor biopsies to identify characteristics of the tumor cells (phenotypic and transcriptomic) as well as the immune microenvironment which are associated with clinical responses. Beneficial skill sets would also involve experience in analyzing DNA-seq, RNA-seq, ATAC-seq, methyl-seq, TCR-seq data.   Other duties as assigned.  Education   Required: PhD in one of the natural sciences or related field or Medical degree.  Experience   Required: With PhD, no experience required. With Medical degree, two years of experience in experimental or scientific work.   Preferred: Data Analysis experience.  It is the policy of The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center to provide equal employment opportunity without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other basis protected by institutional policy or by federal, state or local laws unless such distinction is required by law. http://www.mdanderson.org/about-us/legal-and-policy/legal-statements/eeo-affirmative-action.html  Additional Information  Requisition ID: 139071 Employment Status: Full-Time Employee Status: Regular FLSA: exempt and not eligible for overtime pay Work Week: Days Fund Type: Soft Pivotal Position: Yes Minimum Salary: US Dollar (USD) 53,200 Midpoint Salary: US Dollar (USD) 66,500 Maximum Salary : US Dollar (USD) 79,800 Science Jobs: Yes"
11,11,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=73c6dd437010209d&fccid=dc6e9a20ec7fc1b0&vjs=3,"Company Description Proximate Technologies Inc is in staffing and consulting since 2004, we are immensely successful in creating a global network of highly adopt intelligent workforce that can help you achieve critical projects and goals. Keeping pace with projects and being on the lookout for the extremely talented individuals has become even more challenging and here is where Proximate comes in to play! We have been providing top consulting services and we are one of the fastest growing IT Consulting Firm in this complex job market with cutting-edge technologies in project implementing services and client recruitment capabilities. Our vision is to support services needs of our clients and offer them technology-driven business solutions that meet their goals and corporate objectives.  Job Description  Design and analyze experiments to verify product hypothesis and direction Audit quality of launch experiment results and guarantee correct measurement of product or technical changes' impact Keep track of core metrics and attribute metrics changes to root causes Analyze market dynamics, potential gain and cost of new product initiatives, and consult on product strategy Use data and experiment to verify hypothesis around bottlenecks in product growth, and consult on direction for improvement Work with engineers and product stakeholders to deliver product insights.  Qualifications  Master degree in Computer Science , Electrical Engineering and Information Technology Expertise in SQL and programming in Python or R Knowledge in basic machine learning and deep learning Strong communication and teamwork skills Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines."
12,12,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=aa09e0983fd4dce4&fccid=f4c6ba597fc7aa75&vjs=3,"Senior Data Scientist Do you enjoy working with cutting-edge technology that can impact the world? Would you like the opportunity to develop your career with a global energy technology company? Partner with the best You will help in developing commercially viable failure prediction and signature detection models that can help to predict and prevent failures in Electrical Submersible Pumps (ESP), Surface Pumping Units and other forms of artificial lift systems. This role includes research, prototyping and will require working closely with customers to ensure the models and analytics are delivered in a commercially viable form. As a Senior Data Scientist, you will be responsible for:Working with customers to capture accurate data and analytics requirements.Developing, verifying, and validating analytics to address customer needs and opportunities. Advising the Technical Product Manager with regards to data science capabilities and ensure that research is correctly focused to add value to Artificial Lift specific problems.Working alongside software developers and software engineers to translate algorithms into commercially viable products and services. Performing exploratory and targeted data analyses using failure prediction models using supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques. Communicate methods, findings, and hypotheses with stakeholders.Working with data engineers on data quality assessment, data cleansing and data analytics.Generating reports, annotating code, and other projects artifacts to document, archive, and communicate your work and outcomes. Fuel your passion To be successful in this role you will have: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related Data Analytics subject, Master’s or Ph.D strongly preferred 5+ years of time series data processing using machine learning techniques 3+ years of practical work using real-world data to solve real-world problems 3+ years of Tensor Flow, Azure ML or other machine learning platform 3+ years querying relational databases using SQL 3+ years Python coding experience Desired Characteristics: Past experience building time series models for industrial equipment C# coding experience Experience with ML.NET Strong customer facing skills both oral and written Oilfield experience Working with us Our people are at the heart of what we do at Baker Hughes. We know we are better when all of our people are developed, engaged and able to bring their whole authentic selves to work. We invest in the health and well-being of our workforce, train and reward talent and develop leaders at all levels to bring out the best in each other. Working for you Our inventions have revolutionized energy for over a century. But to keep going forward tomorrow, we know we have to push the boundaries today. We prioritize rewarding those who embrace change with a package that reflects how much we value their input. Join us, and you can expect: Contemporary work-life balance policies and wellbeing activities Comprehensive private medical care options Safety net of life insurance and disability programs Tailored financial programs Additional elected or voluntary benefits About Us With operations in over 120 countries, we provide better solutions for our customers and richer opportunities for our people. As a leading partner to the energy industry, we're committed to achieving net-zero carbon emissions by 2050 and we're always looking for the right people to help us get there. People who are as passionate as we are about making energy safer, cleaner and more efficient. Join Us Are you seeking an opportunity to make a real difference in a company with a global reach and exciting services and clients? Come join us and grow with a team of people who will energize and inspire you! About Us: With operations in over 120 countries, we provide better solutions for our customers and richer opportunities for our people. As a leading partner to the energy industry, we’re committed to achieving net-zero carbon emissions by 2050 and we’re always looking for the right people to help us get there. People who are as passionate as we are about making energy safer, cleaner and more efficient.  Join Us: Are you seeking an opportunity to make a real difference in a company that values innovation and progress? Join us and become part of a team of people who will challenge and inspire you! Let’s come together and take energy forward.  Baker Hughes Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law."
13,13,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=37cbd1a447544cec&fccid=d1bdb1e0aad69657&vjs=3,"Job Title: Data Scientist – AI/ML Quant (R coding) Job Type:Permanent Reporting Relationship: VP Data & Data Science Location: Houston, Texas or New York City Argus is a fast-growing global B2B media company providing essential information on commodity markets. As a business, we continue to grow and evolve, adding new markets, new services, new delivery options and improved analytical tools. Job purpose The primary focus of this role will be to make a significant contribution in the research and development of Argus’ Automatic Machine Learning (ML) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) capabilities. As an AI/ML Quant, you will be responsible for keeping up to date on the latest research in the field of automatic machine learning and artificial intelligence and help guide the development of the Argus algorithms & software. Much of the algorithms involves programming in R. Responsibilities Review existing and develop new methods for Argus Possibility Curves and associated signals for trading and risk management. Prototype algorithm techniques and run extensive benchmarks. Identify opportunities to improve our end-customer experience across our products and services using machine learning methods. Maintain current knowledge of the AI technology landscape, and be able to identify emerging methods or technologies and best practices Contribute to the enhancement of the Argus AI/ML library for possibility & forward curves that can be used globally. Contribute to the commercialisation of Argus possibility curves and data-science signals for trading and risk management. Monitor the processes for the production of Argus Possibility Curves, identify if any issues arise and fix them to ensure that the curves are available to the clients before the deadlines. It will be expected to work from 12:00 to 20:00 about 2-3 days a week. Education and Experience PhD or MSc in mathematics, finance, statistics, engineering, computer science or related field. Experience in model validation Experience in model development Experience in production level coding Advanced R coding skills Experience in GitHub version control system for code development Experience in unit testing to ensure that all code meets quality standards before it's deployed Maker mindset & self-directed Passion for open source About Argus Media Argus Media is committed to ensuring career and personal growth for all its staff and provides extensive training and career development opportunities, as well as participation in employee-led initiatives, including a women’s network. Argus is an independent media organisation with more than 1,000 staff. It is headquartered in London and has 25 offices in the world’s principal commodity trading and production centres. Argus produces price assessments and analysis of international energy and other commodity markets and offers bespoke consulting services and industry-leading conferences. Companies in 140 countries around the world use Argus data to index physical trade and as benchmarks in financial derivative markets as well as for analysis and planning purposes. Argus was founded in 1970 and is a privately held UK-registered company. It is owned by employee shareholders, global growth equity firm General Atlantic and Hg, the specialist software and technology services investor. Benefits Our rapidly growing, award winning business offers a dynamic environment for talented, entrepreneurial professionals to achieve results and grow their careers. Argus recognises and rewards successful performance and as an Investor in People, we promote professional development and retain a high-performing team committed to building our success. Competitive salary and company bonus scheme Group medical, dental and vision plans Company paid long term disability and life insurance plan Group 401(k) safe harbor retirement plan with a 6% company match 15 vacation days your first year, which increases up to 25 days Subsidized gym membership Extensive internal and external training Apply If this aligns with your next career move, we’d love to hear from you. Apply via our website www.argusmedia.com/en/careers/open-positions  Argus Media is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. Equal Employment Opportunity Posters If you’d like to view a copy of the company’s affirmative action plan or policy statement, please contact us. If you have a disability and you believe you need a reasonable accommodation in order to search for a job opening or to submit an online application, please contact us. This email is provided exclusively to assist disabled job seekers whose disability prevents them from being able to apply online. Only messages sent for this purpose will be returned. Messages sent for other purposes, such as following up on an application or technical issues not related to a disability, will not receive a response"
17,17,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=011ca929a848bae5&fccid=7453efd4d538808f&vjs=3,"Overview: Celanese is a Fortune 500 global chemical innovation company that engineers and manufactures chemicals used in products essential to everyday living. Headquartered in Dallas, TX, we employ over 7,700 dedicated people working between 40 facilities across 18 countries. We are committed to employee growth and creating shareholder value to ensure continued opportunities make a difference. Our company focuses on the safety of its employees, provides competitive compensation, and emphasizes giving back to the community. For more information about Celanese and our products please visit www.celanese.com  Responsibilities: The position is for a reliability engineer working in the Core Technology Group based out of the Clear Lake, Texas facility. The engineer in this role will be supporting multiple disciplines and multiple reliability efforts. A primary focus will be to advance reliability tools and strategies, with a digital transformation emphasis. Helping rapidly advance our use of tools like OSI-PI (data historian) to digitize key equipment assets. This role will also be a resource for development of data analytics, using tools like Tableau and other platforms available within or outside of Celanese. This resource will assist all disciplines such as mechanical, electrical and instrumentation, as they seek to transform using digital solutions. This reliability engineer is expected to be a resource for the DMC (digital manufacturing council) reliability work stream. Helping advance projects that deliver value such as asset condition monitoring, real-time equipment calculations and wireless solutions.  As a global role, the expectation is this reliability engineer will also partner with Celanese plant locations, on specific reliability initiatives. Special projects that need technical expertise to advance and support digitization efforts. Emphasis will be around solutions that help us migrate away from legacy tools such as Excel and Access type spreadsheets and databases. These special projects will ultimately reduce unplanned events, improve efficiency and drive availability improvement across the fleet.  Qualifications: Must have a bachelors in Chemical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or Material Science Engineering with experience in Data Analytics. 0-3 years of experience.  Able to work in the U.S. with no restrictions.  Must have written and verbal communication skills to work with various stakeholders globally  Must have experience or education in Data Science/Analytics"
18,18,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=24ddf913fc7ccae1&fccid=1b866506aec22461&vjs=3,"Specific Team Context We are the global Finance analytics team, located in Houston, TX and Bangalore, India. We design, develop, and deploy solutions to facilitate various Finance, Accounting, Planning, and Business Operations inside of HP. Our team has a mixture of disciplines ranging from Statistics, Economics, Finance, Engineering, Front-end development, Back-end development, and visualization. Our applications range from classification, regression, optimization, and forecasting, with a heavy emphasis on forecasting. HP is currently undergoing enterprise-wide transformation that heavily relies upon a data-driven culture. Our team is a catalyst for HP’s transformation and future-state. Our team is flexible, dynamic, hungry, and humble; we are excited to find like-minded individuals! General Role Description Applies advanced subject matter knowledge to solve complex business issues and is regarded as a subject matter expert in the Data Science Project/Application Lifecycle. Frequently contributes to the development of new ideas and methods. Works on ambiguous problems where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of multiple factors. Leads and/or provides expertise to functional project teams and may participate in cross-functional initiatives. Acts as an expert providing direction and guidance to process improvements and establishing policies. Frequently represents the organization to internal customers/clients. Exercises significant independent judgment within broadly defined practices to determine the best method for accomplishing work and achieving objectives. Heavily contributes to the growing and maturing structure and engineering practices of the Finance Data Science team. Responsibilities Identify, acquire, and mine data using modern tools and programming languages Design, execute, and track experiments to model patterns in data to bring business-value Innovates with creative and critical thinking in solving problems Manages relationships with business partners to encourage and foster data driven culture Effectively visualize insights and persuasively communicates business impact Creatively form narratives and to describe and translate findings Contributes and/or Leads projects with data science professionals, reviewing plans, designs, models, and accuracy Applies statistical rigor and thoughtfulness in model development, evaluation, and overall solution quality. Represents the data science team in all phases of larger and more-complex projects. Provides guidance, training and mentoring to less experienced staff members. Maintains proficiency within the data science domain by keeping up with technology and trend shifts. Knowledge & Skills Extensive experience with applied statistics and ML algorithms for solution development Proficient in Python or R Experience with core ML foundations (Supervised/Unsupervised, Classification, Regression, Distributions, etc) Forecasting experience is especially relevant (ARIMA, Exponential Smoothing, Prophet, NN, etc) Experience writing Production-quality code Enterprise Github for version control and collaboration Cloud and on-prem mixture for train/test/deploy Databricks and/or AzureML for pipeline dev/prod is a plus Familiarity with orchestration tools like Airflow is a plus Parallel processing and distributed computing (enterprise-scale applications) is a plus OOP and Functional Programming concepts Data structures Tabular data (data frames, data tables, transactional, temporal data) Lists, dictionaries, hierarchies, vectors, matrices, json, yaml, etc (as it relates to creating model and execution pipelines – clean coding!) Ability to define and create complex models that can be pushed to production Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Excellent written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English. Ability to effectively communicate data insights and negotiate options at senior management levels. Experience with Project Management, as you will be responsible for a portion of this Scope & Impact Collaborates with peers, junior engineers, data scientists and project team. Typically interacts with high-level Individual Contributors, Managers, Directors, Senior Directors, VPs, and Program Core Teams (High-Exposure Team). Involved in multiple projects requiring data engineering and data science solution development. Drives design innovation across HP. This is a team that has growth opportunity and we are very interested in long-term people to grow at HP. Education & Experience Bachelor's, Master's, or higher degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, Physics, Computer Science, Quantitative Finance, or equivalent. Typically 4-6 years relevant experience Experience designing, developing, deploying, and maintaining production solutions #LI-POST  About HP   You’re out to reimagine and reinvent what’s possible—in your career as well as the world around you.  So are we. We love taking on tough challenges, disrupting the status quo, and creating what’s next. We’re in search of talented people who are inspired by big challenges, driven to learn and grow, and dedicated to making a meaningful difference.   HP is a technology company that operates in more than 170 countries around the world united in creating technology that makes life better for everyone, everywhere.   Our history: HP’s commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion – it's just who we are.  From the boardroom to factory floor, we create a culture where everyone is respected and where people can be themselves, while being a part of something bigger than themselves. We celebrate the notion that you can belong at HP and bring your authentic self to work each and every day. When you do that, you’re more innovative and that helps grow our bottom line. Come to HP and thrive!"
19,19,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=0dc13b5305149cbc&fccid=1fc7fdf0baeeb13b&vjs=3,"Compiles, maintains and reports various ADT information to PAS and other departments. Is responsible for Quality Assurance checks on registrations as it relates to reimbursement. Monitors and corrects information on various IT reports to ensure compliance. Assists in education of new hires and incumbent staff.   Requirements: DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES  Compiles, maintains and reports various ADT information as it relates to Quality Assurance. EF Reviews registrations for accuracy and completeness as it relates to hospital reimbursement utilizing online tools for research to assist in securing patient accounts. EF Works with Case Management to facilitate correct level of care for patient. EF Monitors and corrects information on various IT reports to ensure compliance. EF Responsible for research of accounts as requested by Patient Accounting as they relate to scheduling and registration issues. EF Works with IT to test HIS enhancements. EF Sends out Educational material to new hires and incumbent staff Demonstrates the components of the ICARE values statement Follows all safety rules while on the job. Reports accidents promptly and correct minor safety hazards. Performs other job related duties as assigned. Qualifications: EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS  Associates Degree Preferred EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS  Minimum three years of public contact/customer services experience. Minimum five years of Admitting/Registration experience preferred. CERTIFICATES, LICENSES AND REGISTRATIONS REQUIRED  None  SPECIAL KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES REQUIRED  Must have excellent written and verbal communication skills. Must have excellent customer service skills. Must have knowledge of ADT system for Health quest. Must have good working knowledge of various types of software used.  Company Profile: Based in the Texas Medical Center, Houston Methodist Hospital is delivering on a mission started in 1919, which continues today – bringing quality, integrity, compassion and innovation into everything we do. As the flagship hospital of Houston Methodist, Houston Methodist Hospital is a nationally recognized medical center with a history of health care innovation. Houston Methodist Hospital was awarded Magnet recognition for nursing excellence for a fourth consecutive time by the ANCC. In addition, Houston Methodist Hospital was recently named by U.S. News & World Report as one of the country’s top 20 hospitals and was also ranked the No. 1 hospital in Texas for the fifth consecutive year."
20,20,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5c774a212588b3c8&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3," Bachelor’s degree, or equivalent experience, in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or a related field 5+ years’ experience of Data platform implementation, including 3+ years of hands-on experience in implementation and performance tuning Kinesis/Kafka/Spark/Storm implementations. Experience with analytic solutions applied to the Marketing or Risk needs of enterprises Basic understanding of machine learning fundamentals. Ability to take Machine Learning models and implement them as part of data pipeline 5+ years of IT platform implementation experience. Experience with one or more relevant tools ( Flink, Spark, Sqoop, Flume, Kafka, Amazon Kinesis ). Experience developing software code in one or more programming languages (Java, JavaScript, Python, etc). Current hands-on implementation experience required  At Amazon Web Services (AWS), we’re hiring highly technical cloud computing architects and engineers to collaborate with our customers and partners on key engagements. Our consultants will develop and deliver proof-of-concept projects, technical workshops, and support implementation projects. These professional services engagements will focus on customer solutions such as Machine Learning, Data and Analytics, HPC and more.  In this role, you will work with our partners, customers and focus on our AWS Analytics and ML service offerings such Amazon Kinesis, AWS Glue, Amazon Redshift, Amazon EMR, Amazon Athena, Amazon SageMaker and more. You will help our customers and partners to remove the constraints that prevent them from leveraging their data to develop business insights.  AWS Professional Services engage in a wide variety of projects for customers and partners, providing collective experience from across the AWS customer base and are obsessed about customer success. Our team collaborates across the entire AWS organization to bring access to product and service teams, to get the right solution delivered and drive feature innovation based upon customer needs.  In our Global Specialist Practice, you will also have the opportunity to create white papers, writing blogs, build demos and other reusable collateral that can be used by our customers, and, most importantly, you will work closely with our Solution Architects, Data Scientists and Service Engineering teams.  The ideal candidate will have extensive experience with design, development and operations that leverages deep knowledge in the use of services like Amazon Kinesis, Apache Kafka, Apache Spark, Amazon Sagemaker, Amazon EMR, NoSQL technologies and other 3rd parties.  Excellent business and communication skills are a must to develop and define key business questions and to build data sets that answer those questions. You should be able to work with business customers in understanding the business requirements and implementing solutions.  Inclusive Team Culture Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have thirteen employee-led affinity groups, reaching 85,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 16 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.  Work/Life Balance Our team puts a high value on work-life harmony. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here. We are a customer-obsessed organization—leaders start with the customer and work backwards. They work vigorously to earn and keep customer trust. As such, this is a customer facing role in a hybrid delivery model. Project engagements include remote delivery methods and onsite engagement that will include travel to customer locations as needed.  Mentorship & Career Growth Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded professional and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.  This is a customer facing role. You will be required to travel to client locations and deliver professional services when needed.   Masters or PhD in Computer Science, Physics, Engineering or Math. Hands on experience working on large-scale data science/data analytics projects. Ability to lead effectively across organizations. Hands-on experience with Data Analytics technologies such as AWS, Hadoop, Spark, Spark SQL, MLib or Storm/Samza. Implementing AWS services in a variety of distributed computing, enterprise environments. Proficiency with at least one the languages such as C++, Java, Scala or Python. Experience with at least one of the modern distributed Machine Learning and Deep Learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, MxNet Caffe, and Keras. Experience building large-scale machine-learning infrastructure that have been successfully delivered to customers. Experience defining system architectures and exploring technical feasibility trade-offs. 3+ years experiences developing cloud software services and an understanding of design for scalability, performance and reliability. Experience working on a code base with many contributors. Ability to prototype and evaluate applications and interaction methodologies. Experience with AWS technology stack. Written and verbal technical communication skills with an ability to present complex technical information in a clear and concise manner to a variety of audiences.  Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."
23,23,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=97270177230e871d&fccid=1b866506aec22461&vjs=3,"This role is for a senior data scientist working in HP's Personal Systems (PC) business on the Customer Experience team. You will be responsible for delivering and coordinating detailed data analytics on customer experience data (usually Net Promotor Score and related data) plus device telemetry data and other data sources to derive unique, actionable insights for our business. Our team partners closely with each of the primary business units delivering HP's PC products, services, and accessories, and we help drive improvements in the overall experience customers have across the entire Personal Systems portfolio. This team is in high demand and has significant visibility with HP leadership! Applies advanced subject matter knowledge to solve complex business issues and is regarded as a subject matter expert. Frequently contributes to the development of new ideas and methods. Works on complex problems where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of multiple factors. Leads and/or provides expertise to functional project teams and may participate in cross-functional initiatives. Acts as an expert providing direction and guidance to process improvements and establishing policies. Frequently represents the organization to external customers/clients. Exercises significant independent judgment within broadly defined policies and practices to determine best method for accomplishing work and achieving objectives. May provide mentoring and guidance to lower level employees. Responsibilities Mines data using modern tools and programming languages. Defines and implements models to uncover patterns and predictions creating business value and innovation. Manages relationships with business partners to evaluate and foster data driven innovation, provide domain-specific expertise in cross-organization projects/initiatives. Ties insights into effective visualizations communicating business value and innovation potential. Maintains proficiency within the data science domain by keeping up with technology and trend shifts. Contributes to industry data science domain initiatives. Leads project team(s) of data science professionals, assuring insights are communicated regularly and effectively, reviewing designs, models and accuracy and data compliance. Collaborates and communicates with project team regarding project progress and issue resolution. Communicates and drives data insights/innovation into the business. Represents the data science team for all phases of larger and more-complex development projects. Provides guidance, training and mentoring to less experienced staff members. Knowledge & Skills Extensive experience using statistics, mathematics, algorithms and programming languages to solve big data challenges. Fluent in structured and unstructured data, its management, and modern data transformation methodologies. Ability to define and create complex models to pull valuable insights, predictions and innovation from data. Effectively and creatively tell stories and create visualizations to describe and communicate data insights. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Excellent written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and local language. Ability to effectively communicate data insights and negotiate options at senior management levels. Scope & Impact Collaborates with peers, junior engineers, data scientists and project team. Typically interacts with high- level Individual Contributors, Managers, Directors and Program Core Teams. Leads multiple projects requiring data engineering solutions development. Drives design innovation. Education & Experience Bachelor's, Master's or PHD degree in Mathematics, Economics, Physics, Computer Science, or equivalent. Typically 6-10 years’ experience including graduate or postgraduate research. HP offers a comprehensive benefits package, including: Dental insurance Disability insurance Employee assistance program Flexible schedule Flexible spending account Health insurance Life insurance The estimated range of compensation for this job at the time of this posting is $119,000 - $161,000. This position may be eligible for incentive pay, for openings where this is applicable. About HP   You’re out to reimagine and reinvent what’s possible—in your career as well as the world around you.  So are we. We love taking on tough challenges, disrupting the status quo, and creating what’s next. We’re in search of talented people who are inspired by big challenges, driven to learn and grow, and dedicated to making a meaningful difference.   HP is a technology company that operates in more than 170 countries around the world united in creating technology that makes life better for everyone, everywhere.   Our history: HP’s commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion – it's just who we are.  From the boardroom to factory floor, we create a culture where everyone is respected and where people can be themselves, while being a part of something bigger than themselves. We celebrate the notion that you can belong at HP and bring your authentic self to work each and every day. When you do that, you’re more innovative and that helps grow our bottom line. Come to HP and thrive!"
24,24,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a831ef475d00eba2&fccid=1550a2be8a028d59&vjs=3, Professional
27,27,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=df6688374abcf832&fccid=eb32d63d83652f51&vjs=3,"We have been retained by our client in Houston, Texas to deliver a Data Engineer/Architect on a direct-hire basis. This offer is regular full-time, salaried position with a development team with a massive amount of career opportunity, and large bonuses and stock offered. This package is amazing! They hold on to their employees, and treat them well. Low turnover at this company.   Design distributed software architecture and implement systems for data - capturing, loading, processing, big data, or data for machine learning, artificial intelligence systems using distributed file systems, using python, and modern data platform technologies, massively parallel processing, MapR, Hadoop , NoSQL databases, Columnar Databases (i.e. skills with these help, but are not required, and these are not used: Hive, Cassandra, Neo4J, DynamoDB, DocumentAPI, Couchbase, Azure Cosmos DB). This is software architecture and engineering of distributed MPP systems with Python . Data modeling. Data Analysis. But more so software architecture of data systems. Work with algorithms. Create algorithms in python. Extend python algorithms or Python automation tools and features. Work with big data, modern tools in data science, side by side with engineering and business decision makers to help decide how to best impact the bottom line and profit. This is a Leadership position mentoring junior engineers from a design perspective. Think like and work as an architect, reviewing code, keeping things flexible, or extendable, or scalable, easy to maintain, driving technical thought and leadership, but also doing implementation. Take existing Python framework extend it, keep it flexible, and 8 data engineers on this team, – all Python, 8 data engineers, 7 data scientists. The team uses: Kubernetes, Distributed File Systems, and Massively Parallel Processing (MPP), Azure Dev Ops on prem, but this role almost all python and architecture.  Responsibilities:  Work directly with engineering Subject Matter Experts and business operations stakeholders and data scientists to understand the objectives of data analytics sought, distributed data systems needed, and recommend and develop solutions, and deliver accurate, clean, and well-prepared data sets in a timely manner. Collect, explore, and prepare data for advanced analytics and machine learning. Perform exploratory data analysis and present findings for further analysis. Architect and implement high quality analytical applications and data products. Automate manual data flows for repeated use and scalability with python. Develop data-intensive applications with API’s and streaming data pipelines with python. Operationalize statistical and machine learning models. Assists data analysts and data scientists with data extraction, feature engineering, query optimization, and data processing with python Implement data quality checks to ensure data accuracy, consistency, and reliability Identify opportunities for data improvements and presents recommendations to management  Requirements We seek a candidate with: 5+ years Python for data movements, data automation, data cleansing and creation and extension of algorithms 3+ years design of distributed software architecture to implement systems for data - capturing, loading, processing, big data, or data for machine learning, artificial intelligence systems using distributed file systems, using python, and modern data platform technologies, massively parallel processing data sets. Skills such as the following are helpful: MapR, Hadoop, NoSQL databases, Columnar Databases (i.e. skills with these help, but are not required, and these are not used: Hive, Cassandra, Neo4J, DynamoDB, DocumentAPI, Couchbase, Azure Cosmos DB). software architecture and engineering of distributed MPP systems with Python. Data modeling. Data Analysis. But more so software architecture of data systems. Apache, Kubernetes, MPP, distributed data systems. Data engineering. 5+ years of SQL JSON calls to a NoSQL database Data modeling exploratory data analysis using common statistical methods time series analysis IIoT, IoT, industrial internet of things, internet of things collecting data An understanding of OOP OOD Design Principles and Patterns, SOLID principles, Testing, CI/CD, version control, and basically how Kubernetes works, Kubernetes is a plus, but not required. Experience in presenting and explaining complex concepts to engineering or business stakeholders Employment Type: Direct Hire   Pay Rate: $140,000 to 160,000 per year salary   Benefits: life, health, dental, vision, 401k matching, paid vacation, paid holidays, paid sick days, performance bonus. This is an excellent benefits package. Big bonuses. Stock.   Location: Houston, Texas - near downtown Houston area - M-F, onsite   Immigration: US citizens and those authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply. We are unable to sponsor H1b candidates at this time.   No third parties. No consulting firms. Principals only."
28,28,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=37cbd1a447544cec&fccid=d1bdb1e0aad69657&vjs=3,"Job Title: Data Scientist – AI/ML Quant (R coding) Job Type:Permanent Reporting Relationship: VP Data & Data Science Location: Houston, Texas or New York City Argus is a fast-growing global B2B media company providing essential information on commodity markets. As a business, we continue to grow and evolve, adding new markets, new services, new delivery options and improved analytical tools. Job purpose The primary focus of this role will be to make a significant contribution in the research and development of Argus’ Automatic Machine Learning (ML) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) capabilities. As an AI/ML Quant, you will be responsible for keeping up to date on the latest research in the field of automatic machine learning and artificial intelligence and help guide the development of the Argus algorithms & software. Much of the algorithms involves programming in R. Responsibilities Review existing and develop new methods for Argus Possibility Curves and associated signals for trading and risk management. Prototype algorithm techniques and run extensive benchmarks. Identify opportunities to improve our end-customer experience across our products and services using machine learning methods. Maintain current knowledge of the AI technology landscape, and be able to identify emerging methods or technologies and best practices Contribute to the enhancement of the Argus AI/ML library for possibility & forward curves that can be used globally. Contribute to the commercialisation of Argus possibility curves and data-science signals for trading and risk management. Monitor the processes for the production of Argus Possibility Curves, identify if any issues arise and fix them to ensure that the curves are available to the clients before the deadlines. It will be expected to work from 12:00 to 20:00 about 2-3 days a week. Education and Experience PhD or MSc in mathematics, finance, statistics, engineering, computer science or related field. Experience in model validation Experience in model development Experience in production level coding Advanced R coding skills Experience in GitHub version control system for code development Experience in unit testing to ensure that all code meets quality standards before it's deployed Maker mindset & self-directed Passion for open source About Argus Media Argus Media is committed to ensuring career and personal growth for all its staff and provides extensive training and career development opportunities, as well as participation in employee-led initiatives, including a women’s network. Argus is an independent media organisation with more than 1,000 staff. It is headquartered in London and has 25 offices in the world’s principal commodity trading and production centres. Argus produces price assessments and analysis of international energy and other commodity markets and offers bespoke consulting services and industry-leading conferences. Companies in 140 countries around the world use Argus data to index physical trade and as benchmarks in financial derivative markets as well as for analysis and planning purposes. Argus was founded in 1970 and is a privately held UK-registered company. It is owned by employee shareholders, global growth equity firm General Atlantic and Hg, the specialist software and technology services investor. Benefits Our rapidly growing, award winning business offers a dynamic environment for talented, entrepreneurial professionals to achieve results and grow their careers. Argus recognises and rewards successful performance and as an Investor in People, we promote professional development and retain a high-performing team committed to building our success. Competitive salary and company bonus scheme Group medical, dental and vision plans Company paid long term disability and life insurance plan Group 401(k) safe harbor retirement plan with a 6% company match 15 vacation days your first year, which increases up to 25 days Subsidized gym membership Extensive internal and external training Apply If this aligns with your next career move, we’d love to hear from you. Apply via our website www.argusmedia.com/en/careers/open-positions  Argus Media is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. Equal Employment Opportunity Posters If you’d like to view a copy of the company’s affirmative action plan or policy statement, please contact us. If you have a disability and you believe you need a reasonable accommodation in order to search for a job opening or to submit an online application, please contact us. This email is provided exclusively to assist disabled job seekers whose disability prevents them from being able to apply online. Only messages sent for this purpose will be returned. Messages sent for other purposes, such as following up on an application or technical issues not related to a disability, will not receive a response"
29,29,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=271725b75a9e0491&fccid=499253a6a0ce566c&vjs=3,"Join our high caliber team as a Machine Learning Engineer! By using leading-edge technology, KONGSBERG DIGITAL is a provider of the next generation software and creator of complex digital solutions that are changing the fields within maritime, renewables & utilities and oil & gas. By being a part of Kongsberg Digital, you will work in a highly competent team with other qualified and competent engineers and developers, shaping and developing our market-leading software. Want to be part of our Analytics team? The Analytics team in KONGSBERG Digital is the Centre of Excellence in machine learning and related methodology for the whole KONGSBERG group. As a member of this team, you therefore work with world class technology from many areas. Among other things, you will be able to work with two of Kongsberg Digital's products; Kognitwin® - Using our Digital Twin technologies to digitalize the Oil & Energy sector. https://www.kongsberg.com/digital/solutions/kognitwin-energy Vessel Insight ™ - Digital vessel to cloud data, digitalizing the global maritime industry. https://www.kongsberg.com/digital/solutions/vessel-insight/this-is-vessel-insight/ As we continue to grow, we are looking for a Machine Learning Engineer to join our team in Houston. In this role, you will be responsible for running analytical experiments in a methodical manner, evaluating alternate models via theoretical approaches, and communicating results to internal and external stake holders. The ideal candidate is also a capable software developer. What's in it for you: You will be working together with highly skilled colleagues, with strong domain knowledge and all of the necessary infrastructure, tools and data to deliver value to our customers. This includes: Propose and develop innovative machine learning-based solutions Build and implement algorithms and code to support KDI’s product portfolio, customer projects and business opportunities Partner with business leads to provide guidance and best practice on how customer data can be transformed into actionable items and return value Closely interact with various product teams to support data and machine learning projects, bridging business and engineering efforts Communicate results and ideas to key decision makers Deploy machine learning models and data processing applications together with product teams Keep up-to-date with latest technology trends in machine learning and A.I. What do we expect: Masters/PhD degree in Applied Math, Statistics, Physics, Computer Science or Engineering. Experience level: 2-5 years of relevant experience. Proficient knowledge of machine learning techniques, data analytics, statistics and numerical methods. Strong coding skills in Python and the ability and interest to learn new languages and technologies. Familiar with machine learning toolkits such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, Scikit-learn etc. Experience working with Docker/containers and Cloud technology, such as Azure, to deliver ML projects. Ability to interpret high-level business objectives into a strategy. Self-initiated learner, positive attitude, flexible and willing to adapt to changing situations. What do we offer: An interesting position within a dynamic and innovative high-tech company. Opportunity to work on ML/DL based solutions for important problems in the oil & gas and maritime industry. Career opportunities and personal development. Competitive compensation package. Great corporate culture within Kongsberg. An exciting journey. Supporting documents for your application: Optional: Link to GitHub account, relevant Python notebook or Kaggle competition, blog etc. If you're interested, please email your resume and cover letter to debbie.suchoff@kdi.kongsberg.com"
30,30,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=97270177230e871d&fccid=1b866506aec22461&vjs=3,"This role is for a senior data scientist working in HP's Personal Systems (PC) business on the Customer Experience team. You will be responsible for delivering and coordinating detailed data analytics on customer experience data (usually Net Promotor Score and related data) plus device telemetry data and other data sources to derive unique, actionable insights for our business. Our team partners closely with each of the primary business units delivering HP's PC products, services, and accessories, and we help drive improvements in the overall experience customers have across the entire Personal Systems portfolio. This team is in high demand and has significant visibility with HP leadership! Applies advanced subject matter knowledge to solve complex business issues and is regarded as a subject matter expert. Frequently contributes to the development of new ideas and methods. Works on complex problems where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of multiple factors. Leads and/or provides expertise to functional project teams and may participate in cross-functional initiatives. Acts as an expert providing direction and guidance to process improvements and establishing policies. Frequently represents the organization to external customers/clients. Exercises significant independent judgment within broadly defined policies and practices to determine best method for accomplishing work and achieving objectives. May provide mentoring and guidance to lower level employees. Responsibilities Mines data using modern tools and programming languages. Defines and implements models to uncover patterns and predictions creating business value and innovation. Manages relationships with business partners to evaluate and foster data driven innovation, provide domain-specific expertise in cross-organization projects/initiatives. Ties insights into effective visualizations communicating business value and innovation potential. Maintains proficiency within the data science domain by keeping up with technology and trend shifts. Contributes to industry data science domain initiatives. Leads project team(s) of data science professionals, assuring insights are communicated regularly and effectively, reviewing designs, models and accuracy and data compliance. Collaborates and communicates with project team regarding project progress and issue resolution. Communicates and drives data insights/innovation into the business. Represents the data science team for all phases of larger and more-complex development projects. Provides guidance, training and mentoring to less experienced staff members. Knowledge & Skills Extensive experience using statistics, mathematics, algorithms and programming languages to solve big data challenges. Fluent in structured and unstructured data, its management, and modern data transformation methodologies. Ability to define and create complex models to pull valuable insights, predictions and innovation from data. Effectively and creatively tell stories and create visualizations to describe and communicate data insights. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Excellent written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and local language. Ability to effectively communicate data insights and negotiate options at senior management levels. Scope & Impact Collaborates with peers, junior engineers, data scientists and project team. Typically interacts with high- level Individual Contributors, Managers, Directors and Program Core Teams. Leads multiple projects requiring data engineering solutions development. Drives design innovation. Education & Experience Bachelor's, Master's or PHD degree in Mathematics, Economics, Physics, Computer Science, or equivalent. Typically 6-10 years’ experience including graduate or postgraduate research. HP offers a comprehensive benefits package, including: Dental insurance Disability insurance Employee assistance program Flexible schedule Flexible spending account Health insurance Life insurance The estimated range of compensation for this job at the time of this posting is $119,000 - $161,000. This position may be eligible for incentive pay, for openings where this is applicable. About HP   You’re out to reimagine and reinvent what’s possible—in your career as well as the world around you.  So are we. We love taking on tough challenges, disrupting the status quo, and creating what’s next. We’re in search of talented people who are inspired by big challenges, driven to learn and grow, and dedicated to making a meaningful difference.   HP is a technology company that operates in more than 170 countries around the world united in creating technology that makes life better for everyone, everywhere.   Our history: HP’s commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion – it's just who we are.  From the boardroom to factory floor, we create a culture where everyone is respected and where people can be themselves, while being a part of something bigger than themselves. We celebrate the notion that you can belong at HP and bring your authentic self to work each and every day. When you do that, you’re more innovative and that helps grow our bottom line. Come to HP and thrive!"
32,32,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=59bba7f1e10337da&fccid=8e2d5787f67bc92e&vjs=3,"The Data Analyst is responsible for identifying, analyzing, and documenting the business needs. Helping the business to find the right answer to solve their business problems, to determine feasible solutions contributing, to develop new business models. Equally, this role is about providing support to the business to further professionalize their MI / Analytic reporting platform, using the ESSA approach (Automate, Standardize, Simplify & Automate). Job Description The Data Analyst gathers, analyses, and models data and key performance indicators to develop quantitative and qualitative business insights in an agile fashion, identifies opportunities for improved data analysis. Develops processes and design reports to boost the business intelligence within the organization and is good at effectively processing large amounts of data into meaningful information. Collects past and present data to create fit-for-purpose MI reports. Has in-depth knowledge of the Analytical tools available within the organization and in the market Accountabilities Precisely capture business problems, value drivers, and functional/non-functional requirements, including health, safety, security, usability, data, and supportability considerations. Translate business requirements into functionality and assess the risks, feasibility, opportunities, and business impacts of various solution options. Assess and model processes, data flows, and technology to understand the bottlenecks and identify opportunities for improvement. Create clear documentation to communicate requirements and related information; keep updated to align with the solution over the project lifecycle. Ensure traceability of requirements from business needs and requirements, through testing and scope changes, to the final solution. Interact with software suppliers, designers, and developers to understand software limitations, deliver elements of system and database design, and ensure that business requirements and use cases are handled. Create acceptance criteria and validate that solutions meet business needs through defining and coordinating testing. Create and present compelling business cases to justify solution value and establish approval, funding, and prioritization. Execute Data Analysis activities on projects within agreed parameters of cost, time, and quality. Understand and stay abreast of relevant architectures and technologies related to a business area. Support stakeholder management activities including facilitation of large design sessions. Required Power BI Report creation DAX Modeling Data analysis Data modeling Process design Optional Exploration/Production subject area knowledge Economics/Excel"
33,33,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=d00eda4c168acb39&fccid=b7728c97afb8c417&vjs=3,"Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation (NASDAQ: GLDD) is the largest provider of dredging, land reclamation and beach nourishment services in the United States, and the only U.S. dredging company with significant international operations. With the largest and most diverse dredging fleet in the U.S., Great Lakes serves a wide range of customers including the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers; state, local and foreign governments; and private companies both internationally and domestically. Headquartered in Houston, Texas, GLDD has U.S. and foreign subsidiaries and operations and more than 200 pieces of dredging equipment located strategically throughout North America and in various locations throughout the world. We are currently seeking a Data Scientist to join our team.  You will work closely with internal and external experts from across GLDD and the industry to identify the best value case for data science-based products. You will be responsible for delivering models and algorithms that can operate in a scalable manner to improve industrial efficiency and precision. You will work closely with all prioritized areas such as estimation, projects, engineering, operations, and other teams to help configure and implement the best digital technology application to support our company's processes to bring the most value to the company. Duties and Responsibilities:  As a Data Scientist in GLDD you'll be part of a small informal but impactful transformation team as you help us build the data platform required to evolve the next generation of dredging. In your role, you'll analyze historical and real time process data, identify patterns and use physics-, statistics, and data science-based approaches to build AI based intelligent systems for the entire value chain, including digitization of heavy industrial machinery. You will work closely with the experts in all areas of our business to identify the best value case for data science-based products searching for the optimal balance of people, processes, and technology. You will also be responsible for delivering projects in the data science area and delivering reporting on performance models and algorithms that operate in a scalable manner to improve industrial cost, control, and efficiency. You will build data pipelines and AI/machine learning models that streamline/automate decision-making and processes and provide valuable insights for optimization and predictive analytics. You will be a change agent that will help the organization maximize the benefit we see from our data, allowing us to make smarter, more data-driven decisions to leapfrog competitors.  You'll fit right into this position if...You love data and the insights that can be harvested from combinations of large data sets.You thrive in a technical environment that consists of a blend of old and new technology.You are a self-starter, enjoy driving your project from start to finish, and capture value.You are excited about improving traditional operational efficiency by applying data science.You are comfortable setting ambitious targets and work in a structured way to reach them.You are comfortable being part of a tightly-knit team that has a change agenda.You are at ease when interfacing with people with a broad spectrum of technology backgrounds.You enjoy solving complex and urgent business problemsYou have a constructive and collaborative approach when challenging established truths.You build strong relationships with the business by helping them become more efficient by bridging technology, organization and processes together Requirements:PhD/M.Sc./B.Sc. (in relevant science, math, statistics, computer science, or engineering), and/or > 5-10 years of work experience in data analysis or intensive quantitative areas.Mastery of new scientific methodologies and tools.Must be a fluent programmer using modern data scientists' tools like Python, R, SQL, Java, C++,MatlabMust be comfortable in using or learning to use data visualization tools and data scientist platforms like Azure data analytics, Snowflake, Power BI, Spotfire, TableauSolid understanding of the challenges and best practices in dataset management.Demonstrated understanding of data cleaning and data analysis methodology.Good understanding of techniques for mathematical modeling of physical systems.Experience with classical optimization methods is a plus.Strong collaboration skillsDetail-oriented work habits Benefits: Competitive salary and bonus program 401(k) program that includes 100% company matching of the first 6% of employee contributions with immediate vesting Discretionary profit-sharing contributions by the company to participants’ 401(k) accounts based on company’s annual performance Medical, Dental, Prescription, Life and Disability insurance plans Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of and will not be discriminated against on the basis of gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, race, color, ethnicity, national origin, religion, age, veteran status, disability status, genetic information or any other protected category"
35,35,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=50c8afbffaa73f29&fccid=1b866506aec22461&vjs=3,"The Company HP is a Fortune 100 technology company with $58+ Billion in revenue, with over 50,000 employees operating in more than 170 countries around the world. We provide technology and services that help people and companies address their problems and challenges, and realize their possibilities, aspirations, and dreams. We apply new thinking and ideas to create simpler, more valuable, and trusted experiences with technology, continuously improving the way our customers live and work As Data Scientist in the Pricing Analytics team you will shape HP’s future of how we set prices. We are a very dynamic, highly skilled and diverse global team consisting of data scientists, economists, statisticians, computer scientists and engineers, who are pushing the innovation frontier in the way HP sets prices for its products. Working with us you will combine your modelling skills, economic/business thinking, experimentation and optimization methods to build complex pricing algorithms for most popular Printers and PCs in the market. About you: You have deep interests in customer and market behavior and methods to measure and anticipate itYou are passionate about unveiling answers to most difficult questions using data and modelsYou feel accomplished seeing your pricing recommendations being implemented while shopping for yourselfYou can’t stop thinking about learning something new every day and enjoy being surrounded by highly talented people  Key responsibilities: Develop and apply data science and statistical methods and experimentation to analyze the effect of pricing and sales decisions on business performanceCollaborate with internal stakeholders to design and deploy pricing initiatives based upon analytical findingsPresent results and recommendations to relevant stakeholders, including senior leadership Requirements: Must-haves: At least 5 years’ working experience in data scienceTheoretical and applied skills in Machine Learning and Statistics/EconometricsExperience in designing, deploying, and analyzing in-market experiments and/or AB testsAbility to think creatively and invent original solutions to business and modelling challengesProficiency with Python or RMaster's or PhD degree in Economics, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Physics or related disciplines Bonus points for: Interest in pricing, economics, and consumer behaviorExperience in deploying ML and data science solutionsKnowledge of price optimization approaches, price discrimination models and a general knowledge of main concepts from the industrial organization literatureBasic understanding of finance and product economics Who We Are: At HP, we believe in the power of ideas. We use ideas to put technology to work for everyone. And we believe that ideas thrive best in a culture of teamwork. That is why everyone – at every level in every function, is encouraged to think big, have original ideas and express and share them. We trust anything can be achieved if you really believe in it, and we will invest in your ideas to change lives and the way people work. This vision is what sets us apart as a company. At HP, we work across borders and without limits. Global virtual teams share resources, pool their big ideas to solve our biggest business opportunities. Everyone is valued for the unique skills, experiences and perspective they bring. That’s how we work at HP. And this is how ideas and people grow. #LI-post About HP   You’re out to reimagine and reinvent what’s possible—in your career as well as the world around you.  So are we. We love taking on tough challenges, disrupting the status quo, and creating what’s next. We’re in search of talented people who are inspired by big challenges, driven to learn and grow, and dedicated to making a meaningful difference.   HP is a technology company that operates in more than 170 countries around the world united in creating technology that makes life better for everyone, everywhere.   Our history: HP’s commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion – it's just who we are.  From the boardroom to factory floor, we create a culture where everyone is respected and where people can be themselves, while being a part of something bigger than themselves. We celebrate the notion that you can belong at HP and bring your authentic self to work each and every day. When you do that, you’re more innovative and that helps grow our bottom line. Come to HP and thrive!"
37,37,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=e105671c880908cd&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"Who we are: We are Accenture, a global professional services company and a leading partner to the world’s major cloud providers, including AWS, Azure, and Google. Our longstanding involvement with cloud technology (we have 34,000 completed cloud projects under our belt) was emphasized recently when we consolidated our multiple cloud teams into a single business practice called Accenture Cloud First. The organization is backed by a $3 billion investment over three years. As part of our Data & AI group, you will lead technology innovation for our clients through robust delivery of world-class solutions. There will never be a typical day and that’s why people love it here. The opportunities to make a difference within exciting client initiatives are unlimited in the ever-changing technology landscape. You will be part of a highly collaborative and growing network of technology and data experts, who are taking on today’s biggest, most complex business challenges using the latest data and analytics technologies. We will nurture your talent in an inclusive culture that values diversity. You will have an opportunity to work in roles such as Data Scientist, Data Engineer, or Chief Data Officer covering all aspects of Data including Data Management, Data Governance, Data Intelligence, Knowledge Graphs, and IoT. Come grow your career in Technology at Accenture!  What you need: 10+ years of engineering, technology architecture and delivery experience 10+ years of experience developing the strategy for and building data and analytics solutions 5+ years of experience in leading data strategy engagements involving the architecture of modern data platforms with technologies such as Big Data and Cloud 5+ years of management consulting experience Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience (minimum of 12 years), or an Associate degree with a minimum of 6 years of equivalent work experience. Bonus points if you have: Hands-on engineer with the ability to manage complex engineering projects with a “lean-in” leadership style Can speak with authority on the capabilities, strengths & weaknesses of the leading cloud platforms (Amazon Web Services, Azure, and Google Cloud). Extensive experience with enterprise data architecture for transactional systems, analytical platforms, master data management, data governance framework, data integration and large-scale data migration. Experience in DevOps Experience migrating applications and data to cloud platforms. Experience with relational and non-relational data platforms Experience with machine learning, artificial intelligence applications and Data Science development languages (R, Python, etc.). Understanding of data modeling principles, and Data Warehouse concepts (e.g., Kimball methodology for developing dimensional data models). Familiarity with data visualization and self-service BI/data warehousing/ advanced analytics tools. Methodologies for integration, data security, data governance and data sciences. As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is ($99,900-$168,499) and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
38,38,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=b5d1dbc1ed133eb5&fccid=1b866506aec22461&vjs=3,"HP is the world’s leading personal systems and printing company, we create technology that makes life better for everyone, everywhere. Our innovation springs from a team of individuals, each collaborating and contributing their own perspectives, knowledge, and experience to advance the way the world works and lives. We are looking for Visionaries with an Entrepreneurial spirit to join our PC Supply Chain Data Science team. Make an impact as you pioneer and shape innovation into our global supply chain helping to drive data-based decisions and working cross functionally to solve business and technology problems. Applies advanced subject matter knowledge to solve complex business issues and is regarded as a subject matter expert. Frequently contributes to the development of new ideas and methods. Works on complex problems where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of multiple factors. Leads and/or provides expertise to functional project teams and may participate in cross-functional initiatives. Acts as an expert providing direction and guidance to process improvements and establishing policies. Frequently represents the organization to external customers/clients. Exercises significant independent judgment within broadly defined policies and practices to determine best method for accomplishing work and achieving objectives. May provide mentoring and guidance to lower level employees. Responsibilities Mines data using modern tools and programming languages. Defines and implements models to uncover patterns and predictions creating business value and innovation. Manages relationships with business partners to evaluate and foster data driven innovation, provide domain-specific expertise in cross-organization projects/initiatives. Ties insights into effective visualizations communicating business value and innovation potential. Maintains proficiency within the data science domain by keeping up with technology and trend shifts. Contributes to industry data science domain initiatives. Leads project team(s) of data science professionals, assuring insights are communicated regularly and effectively, reviewing designs, models and accuracy and data compliance. Collaborates and communicates with project team regarding project progress and issue resolution. Communicates and drives data insights/innovation into the business. Represents the data science team for all phases of larger and more-complex development projects. Provides guidance, training and mentoring to less experienced staff members. Knowledge & Skills Demonstrable track record dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment Extensive experience using statistics, mathematics, algorithms and programming languages to solve big data challenges. Fluent in structured and unstructured data, its management, and modern data transformation methodologies. Ability to define and create complex models to pull valuable insights, predictions and innovation from data. Effectively and creatively tell stories and create visualizations to describe and communicate data insights. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Excellent written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and local language. Ability to effectively communicate data insights and negotiate options at senior management levels. 3+ years of experience with data scripting languages (e.g SQL, Python, R etc.) or statistical/mathematical software (e.g. R, SAS, or Matlab) Experience with apps/bots preferred Scope & Impact Collaborates with peers, junior engineers, data scientists and project team. Typically interacts with high- level Individual Contributors, Managers, Directors and Program Core Teams. Leads multiple projects requiring data engineering solutions development. Drives design innovation. Education & Experience Bachelor's, Master's or PHD degree in Mathematics, Economics, Physics, Computer Science, or equivalent. Typically 6-10 years’ experience including graduate or postgraduate research. About HP   You’re out to reimagine and reinvent what’s possible—in your career as well as the world around you.  So are we. We love taking on tough challenges, disrupting the status quo, and creating what’s next. We’re in search of talented people who are inspired by big challenges, driven to learn and grow, and dedicated to making a meaningful difference.   HP is a technology company that operates in more than 170 countries around the world united in creating technology that makes life better for everyone, everywhere.   Our history: HP’s commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion – it's just who we are.  From the boardroom to factory floor, we create a culture where everyone is respected and where people can be themselves, while being a part of something bigger than themselves. We celebrate the notion that you can belong at HP and bring your authentic self to work each and every day. When you do that, you’re more innovative and that helps grow our bottom line. Come to HP and thrive!"
39,39,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=7015f1cf039796aa&fccid=053befe8409ab9e4&vjs=3,"Company: US6469 Sysco Payroll, Division of Sysco Resources Services, LLC Zip Code: 77077 Minimum Level of Education: Bachelor’s Degree Minimum Years of Experience: 10+ Years Employment Type: Full Time Travel Percentage: 0 JOB SUMMARY Overtime, this role will own one of the five core predictive\prescriptive engines for Sysco. Each engine will have multiple models as components. To lead the development of this engine, the role will require expert ability in mathematical modeling; analytical and heuristic solution methods; the ability to synthesize, visualize and communicate results; and create a tool at scale to drive the recommended course of action. This role will require close collaboration (with functions, operating companies, specialty companies or geographies and technology teams) to align around the sequencing of priorities and ensure the appropriate path to value. This role is expected to help create models in addition to coaching team members in model creation. RESPONSIBILITIES Ensure the data mined, cleansed and engineered for models is accurate and appropriate. Able to bring forward new and different data sets to help solve problems. Own the multiple models associated with one of the five predictive\perspective engines of Sysco. Identify and use appropriate advanced analytic tools, technologies and platforms to solve business problems, create the roadmap for the engine- sequencing models overtime, create or direct the creation of the models\algorithms needed, tune the models to ensure the appropriate business outcome. Ensure the performance scorecards and dashboards created to monitor adoption, implementation, and impact of models and strategies are adequate and are being shared throughout the enterprise Work cross-functionally with other roles within the Enterprise Analytics Team and the Sysco broadly to tune models and ensure value created from models. Work with LABS and Business Technology resources on API and front end integration. Collaborate with business process owners to validate model outputs and construct an appropriate training Work with data scientists and associate data scientists to ensure the correct data sets, calculations and analytic method being employed to solve a given problem. Act as a magnet for data science talent. Publish a paper and speak ~1 a year at a conference to ensure Sysco is top of mind of emerging data science talent. QUALIFICATIONS Education Master’s or Ph.D. degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Neuroscience or another technical field, OR Bachelors with 7+ years of relevant job experience Experience: 4+ years of experience accessing and manipulating data in SQL or NoSQL database environments 2+ years of experience with scientific scripting languages (e.g., Python, R, SAS) and/or object-oriented programming (e.g., C++, Java) 3+ years of experience with Bayesian statistics, regression analysis (beyond linear regression), supervised learning, unsupervised learning or time-series analysis required 7-10 years of overall analytics experience can be inclusive of post-graduate work Professional Skills Excellent listening, written, and verbal communication skills, with the ability to create alignment across a diverse set of stakeholders Executive-level presentation skills, with the ability to tailor communication for specific audiences and the ability to motivate and empower team Excellent problem-solving skills, using an analytical and logical approach to solve complex problems Self-starter that thrives in a fast-paced environment while delivering high quality and service levels Strong business and technical acumen BENEFITS INFORMATION: Candidates who start work in the months of May, June and July 2021 may be eligible for medical and prescription drug plan coverage effective on their date of hire*. Standard eligibility rules and timelines apply to all other Sysco benefits, including additional healthcare benefits options, retirement benefits, vacation, and paid sick leave. Please visit https://syscobenefits.com/careers to view additional benefits information. *Exceptions/exclusions may apply HOW WE PROTECT OUR ASSOCIATES COVID-19 Precaution(s): Personal protective equipment and masks provided Temperature screenings Social distancing guidelines in place Sanitizing, disinfecting, and cleaning procedures in place OVERVIEW: Sysco is the global leader in foodservice distribution. With over 57,000 associates and a fleet of over 13,000 vehicles, Sysco operates approximately 326 distribution facilities worldwide and serves more than 625,000 customer locations. We offer our associates the opportunity to grow personally and professionally, to contribute to the success of a dynamic organization, and to serve others in a manner that exceeds their expectations. We’re looking for talented, hard-working individuals to join our team. Come grow with us and let us show you why Sysco is at the heart of food and service. AFFIRMATIVE ACTION STATEMENT: Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer, and consider qualified applicants without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected factor under federal, state or local law. This opportunity is available through Sysco Corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliates."
40,40,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5c774a212588b3c8&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3," Bachelor’s degree, or equivalent experience, in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or a related field 5+ years’ experience of Data platform implementation, including 3+ years of hands-on experience in implementation and performance tuning Kinesis/Kafka/Spark/Storm implementations. Experience with analytic solutions applied to the Marketing or Risk needs of enterprises Basic understanding of machine learning fundamentals. Ability to take Machine Learning models and implement them as part of data pipeline 5+ years of IT platform implementation experience. Experience with one or more relevant tools ( Flink, Spark, Sqoop, Flume, Kafka, Amazon Kinesis ). Experience developing software code in one or more programming languages (Java, JavaScript, Python, etc). Current hands-on implementation experience required  At Amazon Web Services (AWS), we’re hiring highly technical cloud computing architects and engineers to collaborate with our customers and partners on key engagements. Our consultants will develop and deliver proof-of-concept projects, technical workshops, and support implementation projects. These professional services engagements will focus on customer solutions such as Machine Learning, Data and Analytics, HPC and more.  In this role, you will work with our partners, customers and focus on our AWS Analytics and ML service offerings such Amazon Kinesis, AWS Glue, Amazon Redshift, Amazon EMR, Amazon Athena, Amazon SageMaker and more. You will help our customers and partners to remove the constraints that prevent them from leveraging their data to develop business insights.  AWS Professional Services engage in a wide variety of projects for customers and partners, providing collective experience from across the AWS customer base and are obsessed about customer success. Our team collaborates across the entire AWS organization to bring access to product and service teams, to get the right solution delivered and drive feature innovation based upon customer needs.  In our Global Specialist Practice, you will also have the opportunity to create white papers, writing blogs, build demos and other reusable collateral that can be used by our customers, and, most importantly, you will work closely with our Solution Architects, Data Scientists and Service Engineering teams.  The ideal candidate will have extensive experience with design, development and operations that leverages deep knowledge in the use of services like Amazon Kinesis, Apache Kafka, Apache Spark, Amazon Sagemaker, Amazon EMR, NoSQL technologies and other 3rd parties.  Excellent business and communication skills are a must to develop and define key business questions and to build data sets that answer those questions. You should be able to work with business customers in understanding the business requirements and implementing solutions.  Inclusive Team Culture Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have thirteen employee-led affinity groups, reaching 85,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 16 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.  Work/Life Balance Our team puts a high value on work-life harmony. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here. We are a customer-obsessed organization—leaders start with the customer and work backwards. They work vigorously to earn and keep customer trust. As such, this is a customer facing role in a hybrid delivery model. Project engagements include remote delivery methods and onsite engagement that will include travel to customer locations as needed.  Mentorship & Career Growth Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded professional and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.  This is a customer facing role. You will be required to travel to client locations and deliver professional services when needed.   Masters or PhD in Computer Science, Physics, Engineering or Math. Hands on experience working on large-scale data science/data analytics projects. Ability to lead effectively across organizations. Hands-on experience with Data Analytics technologies such as AWS, Hadoop, Spark, Spark SQL, MLib or Storm/Samza. Implementing AWS services in a variety of distributed computing, enterprise environments. Proficiency with at least one the languages such as C++, Java, Scala or Python. Experience with at least one of the modern distributed Machine Learning and Deep Learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, MxNet Caffe, and Keras. Experience building large-scale machine-learning infrastructure that have been successfully delivered to customers. Experience defining system architectures and exploring technical feasibility trade-offs. 3+ years experiences developing cloud software services and an understanding of design for scalability, performance and reliability. Experience working on a code base with many contributors. Ability to prototype and evaluate applications and interaction methodologies. Experience with AWS technology stack. Written and verbal technical communication skills with an ability to present complex technical information in a clear and concise manner to a variety of audiences.  Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."
41,41,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5d439c8f8487dfcf&fccid=0e4554ac6dcff427&vjs=3,"Data Science (Senior - Advisor) Date: Aug 5, 2021 Location: Houston, TX, US, 77032 We are looking for the right people — people who want to innovate, achieve, grow and lead. We attract and retain the best talent by investing in our employees and empowering them to develop themselves and their careers. Experience the challenges, rewards and opportunity of working for one of the world’s largest providers of products and services to the global energy industry.   Responsibilities Senior Data Scientist leads project tasks or small projects to perform data engineering, data modeling or model deployment. This role works independently with subject matter experts to obtain data from different sources, complete data clean up and build a data dictionary independently. This role is able to build models independently and implement the model deployment process using off-the-shelf solutions or with assistance from a developer. This role starts to contribute to and shape the group strategy and identifies opportunities for process improvement. This role co-authors publications and patents and starts to participate in industry events.  Qualifications Industry experience in predictive modeling, data science and analysis. Knowledge of Machine Learning frameworks and packages, including Keras, TensorFlow, Scikit-Learn and cloud computing platforms like Azure. Experience handling terabyte size datasets, diving into data to discover hidden patterns and using data visualization tools. Experience writing code in Python, R, Scala and distributed computing technologies like Spark. Demonstrated teamwork, strong communication skills, and collaborative in complex engineering projects. Completion of an undergraduate degree in STEM and 4+ years of related experience is required. Master's degree in STEM is preferred. Candidates having qualifications that exceed the minimum job requirements will receive consideration for higher level roles given (1) their experience, (2) additional job requirements, and/or (3) business needs. Depending on education, experience, and skill level, a variety of job opportunities might be available, including Tech Prof-Data Science, Sr, Tech Prof-Data Science, Principal, Tech Prof-Data Science, Advisor.  Halliburton is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, disability, genetic information, pregnancy, citizenship, marital status, sex/gender, sexual preference/ orientation, gender identity, age, veteran status, national origin, or any other status protected by law or regulation.  Location 3000 N. Sam Houston Parkway E., Houston, Texas, 77032, United States  Job Details Requisition Number: 92384 Experience Level: Experienced Hire Job Family: Engineering/Science/Technology Product Service Line: Global R&D Full Time / Part Time: Full Time Additional Locations for this position:  Nearest Major Market: Houston  Job Segment: Database, Cloud, Data Modeler, Business Process, Technology, Data, Management"
42,42,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a2d5d7b0fc37e8e6&fccid=bc2b692a228c18b3&vjs=3,"Description:  Position Overview The Senior Data Scientist will be responsible for providing technical support including designing, implementing, and optimizing algorithms for unsupervised and supervised learning on unstructured and structured data. This position will be based out of Houston and will report to the Data & Analytics Director. Responsibilities Collaborate with other data scientists and cross-functional teams to identify innovation opportunities and possible solutions. Work closely with key stakeholders to understand their needs to develop new or improve existing workflows. Plan and execute the complete analytics life-cycle for problem solving, including requirements gathering, problem formulation, data grooming, data exploration, model prototyping, model validation, and algorithm productization. Provide expertise on statistical and mathematical concepts. Review and refine existing data models to continuously deliver state-of-the-art insights in existing products. Instrumental in helping the business continue its evolution into an analytical and data-driven culture. Maintain academic and industry relationships for the purposes of research; maintain expertise and awareness of cutting edge techniques, technologies and potential business solutions. Must be able to work in a highly interactive, cross functional, team-oriented, agile/fast paced environment. . Requirements:  Qualifications Experience with and deep understanding of various machine learning and data processing techniques. Advanced programming skills in Python and R using Machine Learning libraries like sckit-learn, MLLib, TensorFlow etc. Expertise with leveraging visualization BI tools, such as Spotfire/Power BI, to build out dynamic dashboards. Proficiency with relational databases (SQL scripting) and understanding of NoSQL databases (e.g., MongoDB). Capable of quickly adapting to changing priorities and generating innovative solutions in an extremely fast-paced environment. Ability to handle multiple simultaneous projects and act as a technical lead for some of them. Taking actions in a self-directed manner to identify issues and make recommendations to department leadership. Ability to translate high level requests, questions, concerns or ideas into successful data and analytics implementations. Strong written and verbal communication skills, comfortable in engaging conversation with all levels. Attention to detail and passion for quality with result-oriented approach. Self-motivated and proactive needing minimal supervision. Education Preferred PhD or Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Statistiscs, Computational Mathematics or related STEM field. 5+ years relevant work experience as a Data Scientist or Engineer demonstrating advanced programming skills. Working knowledge of the oil and gas industry and terminology is a must. Classification Full-Time, Exempt, Salaried Relocation This position is not eligible for domestic relocation. Work Environment This job is predominately located in a professional office environment with occasional travel to the field operations. Work Schedule This is a full-time position. Encino has a compressed work week with a “4/9/4” Work Schedule. Employees have the option to work four nine hour days with the addition of four hours each Friday. Some flexibility in hours is allowed. The Company Encino Energy is an independent oil and natural gas exploration and production company based in Houston. The company is committed to accumulating high potential assets in multiple U.S. basins and to enhancing returns with active discipline and technologically-driven development programs. Encino Energy is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in recruiting, hiring, developing, compensating, and promoting applicants and its employees. All employment decisions are made without regard to sex, race, color, religion, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other legally protected categories. This includes providing reasonable accommodation for employee’s and applicant’s disabilities or religious beliefs and practices. Encino Energy does not offer sponsorship of employment-based non-immigrant visa petitions for this role."
43,43,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=b8485a3a69b4e114&fccid=c4ba6202af4dda9d&vjs=3,"About IHS Markit At the heart of IHS Markit, we are an information company. With expertise across the world’s largest industries, we leverage technology and data science to provide the insights, software, and data to help our customers make better informed decisions, driving growth, performance, and efficiency. About the Department: ENR Upstream IHS Markit’s Cost estimation software provides industry leading software solutions for the Oil & Gas market to enable engineers, cost estimators, and others to create cost estimates core to decision making. Our software platforms are used by over 2500 people in over 50 countries globally to estimate and analyze the costs necessary to develop the infrastructure that powers the world whether considering onshore, offshore, or exploring deep water environments. Starting your Career with Us - Opportunities for Graduates We hire into a wide variety of exciting roles across our business and as you begin your career with us, we’re here to support your transition into the professional world. In addition to working with our industry experts in your full-time role, you’ll be part of a global development program, designed to create the space for you to invest in your personal and professional development. As part of the development program, you’ll gain insight into our diverse business, interact with our leaders, build vital skills and become an integral part of the IHS Markit community and culture - all designed to enhance the exciting work you do with the team you’re hired into! You’ll be part of a global community, building an invaluable network of knowledge and support from your mentors, peer group and wider teams. Eligibility We’re now hiring for 2021 full-time roles. We're looking for final year students who are working towards a Bachelor's or Master's degree (or equivalent), and due to complete their studies and be available for a full time role commencing in 2021. The role The QUE$TOR team is looking for a Junior Data Scientist to support our initiatives to develop new offerings to the market, streamline our internal data collection and management, and support our future business. The ideal candidate should have critical thinking skills, a quantitative background, and experience to developing projects from the ground up. They must be able to work as part of an integrated multi-disciplinary team but also be self-driven and able to independently delivery projects. With depth of knowledge key to providing industry leading advice, it can be advantageous to have a study background in a field relevant to your team/role. Responsibilities Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to develop plans, build concepts, and support development for new business solutions. Help to understand the need, the limitations, and develop a solution plan. Efficiently explore new data sources and assess and implement data gathering techniques. Coordinate with different functional teams to implement and productionize models while monitoring the performance. Help conceptually frame and refine relevant business questions. Develop custom machine learning models and algorithms. Communicate solutions and findings to different stakeholders. What we're looking for We seek candidates with diverse backgrounds and ideas with a desire to learn and thrive. The Graduate Program will provide a variety of experiences to help you identify your strengths, develop highly transferable skills, and align you to a successful career path for a bright future at IHS Markit. To be an ideal fit for the role, you should have: A bachelor or master degree (or equivalent) completed no later than May 2021 0-6 months relevant work experience Demonstrated passion or interest in one or more of our key industries Excellent communication skills Strong critical thinking and problem-solving skills An aptitude to learn and adapt quickly in a rapidly changing environment The ability to build strong working relationships in a collaborative setting Be legally eligible to work for the duration of the program in the country for which you apply For Data Scientist applicants, we recommend the following: Degree in data science or related field Strong critical thinking and problem-solving skills. Experience building and working with databases (e.g. SQL) Experience working with unstructured data and Excel. Curiosity and research attitude to learn new ideas and techniques. Aptitude and experience with PowerBI, Spotfire, or other advanced visualization tools Experience using statistical computer languages (e.g. Python or R) to manipulate data and draw insights from data sets. Exposure or interest in learning machine learning techniques (clustering, classification, regression, deep learning) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks. Able to focus on a detailed issue but also able to step back to view the larger picture. Excellent written and verbal communication skills Application and assessment process The assessment process that follows is designed to ensure you can learn more about us, showcase your skills, and find a role that is right for you. Stage 1: Submit online application Stage 2: Complete online pymetrics assessment Stage 3: Initial screening process Stage 4: Final stage assessment Our commitment to diversity Our business and our customers are diverse, and we believe that embracing a diverse and inclusive environment is key to defining who we are. Our people are what makes us unique and you will get the opportunity to work with some of the brightest minds from across the world who continuously find the best viable solutions, adding value and driving change for our customers. - Inclusion and diversity are critical to the success of IHS Markit, and we actively encourage applications from people of all backgrounds. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected category. For more information on the many ways in which we enthusiastically support inclusion and diversity efforts for both candidates and employees, please access our Inclusion & Diversity Statement here. We are proud to provide reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with IHS Markit and need special assistance or an accommodation to use our website or to apply for a position, please contact or call +1 212 849 0399. Determination on requests for reasonable accommodation are considered on a case-by-case basis. This contact information (email and phone) is intended for application assistance and accommodation requests only. We are unable to accept resumes or provide information about application status through the phone number or email address above. Resumes are only accepted through the online application process, and only qualified candidates will receive consideration and follow-up. IHS Markit maintains a substance-free workplace; employees may be asked to submit to a drug test (where permitted by law). In addition, as a federal contractor in the United States, the company participates in the E-Verify Program to confirm eligibility to work. For information please click on the following links: IHS Markit Business Code of Conduct Right to Work EEO is the Law EEO is the Law Supplement Pay Transparency - Current Colleagues If you are currently employed by IHS Markit, please apply internally via the Workday internal careers site."
44,44,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=011ca929a848bae5&fccid=7453efd4d538808f&vjs=3,"Overview: Celanese is a Fortune 500 global chemical innovation company that engineers and manufactures chemicals used in products essential to everyday living. Headquartered in Dallas, TX, we employ over 7,700 dedicated people working between 40 facilities across 18 countries. We are committed to employee growth and creating shareholder value to ensure continued opportunities make a difference. Our company focuses on the safety of its employees, provides competitive compensation, and emphasizes giving back to the community. For more information about Celanese and our products please visit www.celanese.com  Responsibilities: The position is for a reliability engineer working in the Core Technology Group based out of the Clear Lake, Texas facility. The engineer in this role will be supporting multiple disciplines and multiple reliability efforts. A primary focus will be to advance reliability tools and strategies, with a digital transformation emphasis. Helping rapidly advance our use of tools like OSI-PI (data historian) to digitize key equipment assets. This role will also be a resource for development of data analytics, using tools like Tableau and other platforms available within or outside of Celanese. This resource will assist all disciplines such as mechanical, electrical and instrumentation, as they seek to transform using digital solutions. This reliability engineer is expected to be a resource for the DMC (digital manufacturing council) reliability work stream. Helping advance projects that deliver value such as asset condition monitoring, real-time equipment calculations and wireless solutions.  As a global role, the expectation is this reliability engineer will also partner with Celanese plant locations, on specific reliability initiatives. Special projects that need technical expertise to advance and support digitization efforts. Emphasis will be around solutions that help us migrate away from legacy tools such as Excel and Access type spreadsheets and databases. These special projects will ultimately reduce unplanned events, improve efficiency and drive availability improvement across the fleet.  Qualifications: Must have a bachelors in Chemical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or Material Science Engineering with experience in Data Analytics. 0-3 years of experience.  Able to work in the U.S. with no restrictions.  Must have written and verbal communication skills to work with various stakeholders globally  Must have experience or education in Data Science/Analytics"
45,45,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=50c8afbffaa73f29&fccid=1b866506aec22461&vjs=3,"The Company HP is a Fortune 100 technology company with $58+ Billion in revenue, with over 50,000 employees operating in more than 170 countries around the world. We provide technology and services that help people and companies address their problems and challenges, and realize their possibilities, aspirations, and dreams. We apply new thinking and ideas to create simpler, more valuable, and trusted experiences with technology, continuously improving the way our customers live and work As Data Scientist in the Pricing Analytics team you will shape HP’s future of how we set prices. We are a very dynamic, highly skilled and diverse global team consisting of data scientists, economists, statisticians, computer scientists and engineers, who are pushing the innovation frontier in the way HP sets prices for its products. Working with us you will combine your modelling skills, economic/business thinking, experimentation and optimization methods to build complex pricing algorithms for most popular Printers and PCs in the market. About you: You have deep interests in customer and market behavior and methods to measure and anticipate itYou are passionate about unveiling answers to most difficult questions using data and modelsYou feel accomplished seeing your pricing recommendations being implemented while shopping for yourselfYou can’t stop thinking about learning something new every day and enjoy being surrounded by highly talented people  Key responsibilities: Develop and apply data science and statistical methods and experimentation to analyze the effect of pricing and sales decisions on business performanceCollaborate with internal stakeholders to design and deploy pricing initiatives based upon analytical findingsPresent results and recommendations to relevant stakeholders, including senior leadership Requirements: Must-haves: At least 5 years’ working experience in data scienceTheoretical and applied skills in Machine Learning and Statistics/EconometricsExperience in designing, deploying, and analyzing in-market experiments and/or AB testsAbility to think creatively and invent original solutions to business and modelling challengesProficiency with Python or RMaster's or PhD degree in Economics, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Physics or related disciplines Bonus points for: Interest in pricing, economics, and consumer behaviorExperience in deploying ML and data science solutionsKnowledge of price optimization approaches, price discrimination models and a general knowledge of main concepts from the industrial organization literatureBasic understanding of finance and product economics Who We Are: At HP, we believe in the power of ideas. We use ideas to put technology to work for everyone. And we believe that ideas thrive best in a culture of teamwork. That is why everyone – at every level in every function, is encouraged to think big, have original ideas and express and share them. We trust anything can be achieved if you really believe in it, and we will invest in your ideas to change lives and the way people work. This vision is what sets us apart as a company. At HP, we work across borders and without limits. Global virtual teams share resources, pool their big ideas to solve our biggest business opportunities. Everyone is valued for the unique skills, experiences and perspective they bring. That’s how we work at HP. And this is how ideas and people grow. #LI-post About HP   You’re out to reimagine and reinvent what’s possible—in your career as well as the world around you.  So are we. We love taking on tough challenges, disrupting the status quo, and creating what’s next. We’re in search of talented people who are inspired by big challenges, driven to learn and grow, and dedicated to making a meaningful difference.   HP is a technology company that operates in more than 170 countries around the world united in creating technology that makes life better for everyone, everywhere.   Our history: HP’s commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion – it's just who we are.  From the boardroom to factory floor, we create a culture where everyone is respected and where people can be themselves, while being a part of something bigger than themselves. We celebrate the notion that you can belong at HP and bring your authentic self to work each and every day. When you do that, you’re more innovative and that helps grow our bottom line. Come to HP and thrive!"
46,46,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=b5d1dbc1ed133eb5&fccid=1b866506aec22461&vjs=3,"HP is the world’s leading personal systems and printing company, we create technology that makes life better for everyone, everywhere. Our innovation springs from a team of individuals, each collaborating and contributing their own perspectives, knowledge, and experience to advance the way the world works and lives. We are looking for Visionaries with an Entrepreneurial spirit to join our PC Supply Chain Data Science team. Make an impact as you pioneer and shape innovation into our global supply chain helping to drive data-based decisions and working cross functionally to solve business and technology problems. Applies advanced subject matter knowledge to solve complex business issues and is regarded as a subject matter expert. Frequently contributes to the development of new ideas and methods. Works on complex problems where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of multiple factors. Leads and/or provides expertise to functional project teams and may participate in cross-functional initiatives. Acts as an expert providing direction and guidance to process improvements and establishing policies. Frequently represents the organization to external customers/clients. Exercises significant independent judgment within broadly defined policies and practices to determine best method for accomplishing work and achieving objectives. May provide mentoring and guidance to lower level employees. Responsibilities Mines data using modern tools and programming languages. Defines and implements models to uncover patterns and predictions creating business value and innovation. Manages relationships with business partners to evaluate and foster data driven innovation, provide domain-specific expertise in cross-organization projects/initiatives. Ties insights into effective visualizations communicating business value and innovation potential. Maintains proficiency within the data science domain by keeping up with technology and trend shifts. Contributes to industry data science domain initiatives. Leads project team(s) of data science professionals, assuring insights are communicated regularly and effectively, reviewing designs, models and accuracy and data compliance. Collaborates and communicates with project team regarding project progress and issue resolution. Communicates and drives data insights/innovation into the business. Represents the data science team for all phases of larger and more-complex development projects. Provides guidance, training and mentoring to less experienced staff members. Knowledge & Skills Demonstrable track record dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment Extensive experience using statistics, mathematics, algorithms and programming languages to solve big data challenges. Fluent in structured and unstructured data, its management, and modern data transformation methodologies. Ability to define and create complex models to pull valuable insights, predictions and innovation from data. Effectively and creatively tell stories and create visualizations to describe and communicate data insights. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Excellent written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and local language. Ability to effectively communicate data insights and negotiate options at senior management levels. 3+ years of experience with data scripting languages (e.g SQL, Python, R etc.) or statistical/mathematical software (e.g. R, SAS, or Matlab) Experience with apps/bots preferred Scope & Impact Collaborates with peers, junior engineers, data scientists and project team. Typically interacts with high- level Individual Contributors, Managers, Directors and Program Core Teams. Leads multiple projects requiring data engineering solutions development. Drives design innovation. Education & Experience Bachelor's, Master's or PHD degree in Mathematics, Economics, Physics, Computer Science, or equivalent. Typically 6-10 years’ experience including graduate or postgraduate research. About HP   You’re out to reimagine and reinvent what’s possible—in your career as well as the world around you.  So are we. We love taking on tough challenges, disrupting the status quo, and creating what’s next. We’re in search of talented people who are inspired by big challenges, driven to learn and grow, and dedicated to making a meaningful difference.   HP is a technology company that operates in more than 170 countries around the world united in creating technology that makes life better for everyone, everywhere.   Our history: HP’s commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion – it's just who we are.  From the boardroom to factory floor, we create a culture where everyone is respected and where people can be themselves, while being a part of something bigger than themselves. We celebrate the notion that you can belong at HP and bring your authentic self to work each and every day. When you do that, you’re more innovative and that helps grow our bottom line. Come to HP and thrive!"
47,47,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=3808f3c9e0f80800&fccid=ab68ed48b7ae3b5f&vjs=3,"SUMMARY   The Executive Director, Campaign Decision Science and Analytics (Executive Director) will build an end-to-end analytics solution to provide business insights, improve decision-making and provide empirical assessments of performance at the institutional, divisional, and team levels with respect to constituent engagement and philanthropy. This executive-level staff position serves as an integral member of the Senior Leadership Team (""SLT"") for the Development Division and works in close collaboration with leaders in Development, Institutional Affairs and the Office of the Senior Vice President and Chief Technology and Digital Officer. The Executive Director will oversee the day-to-day project management of the campaign, tracking various teams' progress towards milestones and communicating objective and rigorous assessment reports to institutional leadership.   The ideal candidate will be an experienced and transformational leader capable of navigating the institution through change in order to enhance the advancement analytics and operations infrastructure to greater levels of efficiency; facilitate analytics integration and adoption and foster a culture of decision science and data- informed decision making.   FUNCTIONS  Serves on the divisional Senior Leadership Team (""SLT"") and upholds MD Anderson's core values of Caring, Integrity, Discovery, Safety and Stewardship. Exhibits servant leadership at all times. Participates fully in Senior Leadership Team meetings and huddles and engages with SLT colleagues collectively and individually. Provides the SVP-CDO and the SLT with timely reports, analyses and recommendations on campaign, divisional and team-level operations and performance. Builds and communicates performance dashboards, highlighting areas requiring performance improvement, as well as areas of campaign priority and strategic opportunity. Working with the SLT, serves as the ""project director"" by overseeing the tracking of major tasks and deliverables and ensuring the campaign's various work streams are meeting deadlines and budget constraints. Responsible for maintaining and communicating campaign project readiness reports of various sorts as needed. Oversees all campaign reporting including, but not limited to, the campaign gift table, cash flow analysis, fundraising projections and fundraising totals. Provides necessary campaign updates and numerical analyses to SVP-CDO, SLT, senior institutional leadership, and the Board of Visitors / Campaign Steering Committee. Maintains a comprehensive campaign project timeline. In coordination with Divisional teams and Analytics staff, develops insight and analysis into fundraising processes and performance, communicates these analyses effectively to relevant audiences, and drives positive change through collaboration. Provides leadership and direction to prospect development and creates vision for leveraging tools and analyses to aid in prospecting efforts. This could include, though not limited to, the development of predictive models and other scoring methodologies utilized to create greater precision and efficiency in prospecting and prospect management, thereby impacting fundraising growth and performance.  REQUIREMENTS  10 years of direct experience working in business intelligence, advancement/development services, or related technical fields of development. Experience in academic healthcare, higher education, or a research institute in a comprehensive, multi-year campaign. Experience in a comprehensive, multi-year fund raising campaign. Bachelor's degree in statistics, computer science, data science, information management, business or related field. Excellent project management skills with strong familiarity with one or more project management software packages.  Preferred:  Master's degree in statistics, computer science, data science, information management, business or related field Certification or training in project management or change management. Certification or training in data or business analytics. Professional certification in CFRE or FAHP.  SUPERVISION GIVEN   The Executive Director will be expected to manage the following work products and teams: Analytics team, Prospect Management & Research   TOBACCO-FREE HIRING   MD Anderson Cancer Center is committed to encouraging good health and staying true to our mission to end cancer. As part of its efforts to achieve these goals of a tobacco-free hiring process, if you are offered a position at MD Anderson Cancer Center, you will be subject to a Pre-Employment Drug Screen for tobacco compounds in compliance with applicable state laws.   DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION   MD Anderson's workforce diversity is one of its greatest strengths and keys to success in our mission to cure cancer. Our institution's leaders recognize that d iversity and inclusion are not just important; they are essential. We take an expansive view of diversity, considering differences in race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, gender and religious beliefs, as well as communication styles, thought, skill and ambition.  Additional Information  Requisition ID: 138743 Employment Status: Full-Time Employee Status: Regular FLSA: exempt and not eligible for overtime pay Work Week: Days Fund Type: Hard Minimum Salary: US Dollar (USD) 0 Midpoint Salary: US Dollar (USD) 0 Maximum Salary : US Dollar (USD) 0"
49,49,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=dffcfdd04248a43e&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"We are: Applied Intelligence, the people who love using data to tell a story. We’re also the world’s largest team of data scientists, data engineers, and experts in machine learning and AI. A great day for us Solving big problems using the latest tech, serious brain power, and deep knowledge of just about every industry. We believe a mix of data, analytics, automation, and responsible AI can do almost anything—spark digital metamorphoses, widen the range of what humans can do, and breathe life into smart products and services. Want to join our crew of sharp analytical minds Visit us here to find out more about Applied Intelligence. You are: A data pro with serious analytical and statistical chops. You know how to take massive amounts of data and find the insights our clients need to help their companies do more. The work: Use statistics, data mining, Machine Learning, and deep learning techniques to deliver data-driven insights for our clientsApply data science methodologies to deliver insights to clientsWork with Accenture teams and clients to understand their challenges and create solutionsFacilitate the development of “request for proposals” responses and contract developmentBe a thought leader for your team on projects and about leading technologiesStay on top of AI trends  Here’s what you need: At least 3 years’ working in data science using statisticsAt least 2 years’ developing Machine Learning methodsAt least 2 years’ experience with techniques like clustering, regression, and optimizationAt least 2 years’ working with data science tools like Python, R, Scala, Julia, or SASA Bachelor’s degree in data science and related disciplines like mathematics, statistics, computer science, physics, or related fields Bonus points if: You have a Master’s degree in statistics, econometrics, mathematics, or statisticsData science is your passion and you’re creative and forward thinkingExperience with unsupervised learning methodologiesYou know your way around cloud services like AWS, Google and Azure and big data tools like Hadoop, Hive and SparkYou have know-how in AI, machine learning, data science, and other related areasYour consulting experience matches your analytical chopsPossess a blend of advanced analytical capabilities and consulting expertise that will create value and insights for our clientsAbility to work across industries and with cross-functional organizations do. As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $84,300 - $1,85,400 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
50,50,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=bc4ef5210bceca76&fccid=053befe8409ab9e4&vjs=3,"Company: US6469 Sysco Payroll, Division of Sysco Resources Services, LLC Zip Code: 77077 Minimum Level of Education: Master’s Degree Minimum Years of Experience: 5 Years Employment Type: Full Time Travel Percentage: 0 JOB SUMMARY: This position is part of the Customer Intelligence and Analytics Team at Sysco Corporation. The primary focus is to conduct advanced analytics with big data to get insights for Sales and Marketing Program Development and performance tracking. RESPONSIBILITIES: Design experiments, test hypotheses, and build models Conduct advanced data analysis and design complex algorithms. Design Predictive Analytics solutions, and formulate mathematical approaches to solve business problems utilizing R, SAS, SPSS or other advanced analytics tools Perform customer analytics activities within the street customer base to support personalized customer engagement activations (e.g. Sysco Rewards points, the share of wallet analysis, churn prediction and customer lifetime value) Work with Sysco technology team on data integration to build a customer data-mart, which is the foundation of data-driven and customer-centric marketing initiatives Synthesize and interpret analytics insights from other commercial functions as potential inputs into the customer data-mart Identify and derive insights regarding customer behaviors and preferences across various sales and marketing channels to inform customer data-mart Collaborate with cross-functional teams to drive business results through various use cases of customer-level in Research industry-leading analytics practices and recommend continuous improvement opportunities for Sysco QUALIFICATIONS: Basic Qualifications: 5+ years of experience in management consulting, strategy, analytics, at a specialized analytics company or in an analytics organization in a corporate setting (banking or retail) Must be able to think conceptually, strategically, and creatively with little oversight or direction (i.e. display thought leadership vs. simply ""do"" or execute something that was developed or directed by someone else) Must have experience developing, driving and delivering complex analytical projects Able to perform quantitative analysis using appropriate analytical and visualization tools such as R, SAS, SPSS and Tableau. Preferred Qualifications: Experience in the sales and marketing area preferred Experience in CPG, Retail and /or Foodservice preferred Education and / or Experience: Masters in mathematics, statistics or computer science or related field; PhD degree preferred from a top tier technical institute. Strong programming skills (such as Hadoop MapReduce or other big data frameworks, Java), statistical modeling (like SAS or R). Experience using machine learning algorithms. High proficiency in the use of statistical packages. Proficiency in statistical analysis, quantitative analytics, forecasting/predictive analytics, multivariate testing, and optimization algorithms. Professional Skills: Strong communication and interpersonal skills. Understanding of end to end process for deploying analytics within a business organization to create value Strategic thinking and business acumen Must be very comfortable with numbers and have a solid understanding of various analytical techniques and where they should be best deployed Must have a basic understanding of the latest trends in database systems and technologies that enable advanced analytics Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Working Conditions: The above information on this description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by associates within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of associates assigned to this job. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. BENEFITS INFORMATION: Candidates who start work in the months of May, June, July and August 2021 may be eligible for medical and prescription drug plan coverage effective on their date of hire*. Standard eligibility rules and timelines apply to all other Sysco benefits, including additional healthcare benefits options, retirement benefits, vacation, and paid sick leave. Please visit https://syscobenefits.com/careers to view additional benefits information. *Exceptions/exclusions may apply HOW WE PROTECT OUR ASSOCIATES COVID-19 Precaution(s): Personal protective equipment and masks provided Temperature screenings Social distancing guidelines in place Sanitizing, disinfecting, and cleaning procedures in place OVERVIEW: Sysco is the global leader in foodservice distribution. With over 57,000 associates and a fleet of over 13,000 vehicles, Sysco operates approximately 326 distribution facilities worldwide and serves more than 625,000 customer locations. We offer our associates the opportunity to grow personally and professionally, to contribute to the success of a dynamic organization, and to serve others in a manner that exceeds their expectations. We’re looking for talented, hard-working individuals to join our team. Come grow with us and let us show you why Sysco is at the heart of food and service. AFFIRMATIVE ACTION STATEMENT: Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer, and consider qualified applicants without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected factor under federal, state or local law. This opportunity is available through Sysco Corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliates."
51,51,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=32b05dc6f7a4408e&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"We are: Applied Intelligence, the people who love using data to tell a story. We’re also the world’s largest team of data scientists, data engineers, and experts in machine learning and AI. A great day for us? Solving big problems using the latest tech, serious brain power, and deep knowledge of just about every industry. We believe a mix of data, analytics, automation, and responsible AI can do almost anything—spark digital metamorphoses, widen the range of what humans can do, and breathe life into smart products and services. Want to join our crew of sharp analytical minds? Visit us here to find out more about Applied Intelligence. You Are: An expert Cloud data /ML engineer with an eye for AI. You want to change how the world works and lives by taking AI out of the lab and into everyday life.  The Work: Bring your deep expertise in cloud architecture / DevOps/MLOPs to analyze and recommend enterprise-grade solutions for operationalizing AI / ML analytics Develop end-to-end (Data/Dev/ML)Ops pipelines based on in-depth understanding of cloud platforms, AI lifecycle, and business problems to ensure analytics solutions are delivered efficiently, predictably, and sustainably. Prototype and demonstrate solutions for clients in customer environments. Use your judgment to craft solutions to complex problems or seek guidance as needed Develop assets, accelerators, and thought capital for your practice Stay current on new products that clients could use Be a trusted advisor to your Accenture colleagues and to your clients  Here’s What You Need: Bachelors degree or 12 years equivalent experience Minimum 2 years of software engineering experience while working in an AI / ML context alongside Data Scientists or ML Engineers Minimum 1 year of design and implementation (building, containerizing and deploying end to end automated data and ML pipelines) of cloud solutions on AWS, Azure, or GCP. Minimum 1 year of experience with Docker, Kubernetes clusters and implementing CI/CD or DevOps / MLOps solutions Bonus Points If: Certifications Preferred: Certification from any of the three major cloud platforms (AWS / Azure / GCP) in Cloud Architecture / Engineering / DevOps Experience building Data or MLOps pipelines using Python, Spark, ADF, Databricks, ML Flow or other similar cloud native services. Experience with Cloud technical architecture – that is, the design and delivery of IT systems for a broad range of clients Possess a blend of advanced analytical capabilities and consulting expertise that will create value and insights for our clients As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $84,300 - $185,399 and information on benefits offered is here. Travel For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
52,52,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=129b77cadd83d293&fccid=1b866506aec22461&vjs=3,"Unique mastery and recognized authority on relevant subject matter knowledge including technologies, theories and techniques. Contributes to the development of innovative principles and ideas. Successfully operates in the most complex disciplines, in which the company must operate to be successful. Provides highly innovative solutions. Leads large, cross-division functional teams or projects that affect the organization?s long-term goals and objectives. May participate in cross-division, multi-function teams. Provides mentoring and guidance to lower level employees. Routinely exercises independent judgment in developing methods, techniques and criteria for achieving objectives. Develops strategy and sets functional policy and direction. Acts as a functional manager within area of expertise but does not manage other employees as a primary job function. (TCP review board required in TCP families) Responsibilities: Works with Strategy & Incubation financial leads to build wholistic financial models, define key indicators and how we can measure them, collect data, formulate the assumptions for sensitivity analyses and Monte Carlo simulations, etc. Standardizes models across applications to the extent possible (taking into account differences between applications) Aligns with FP&A so that the DB is the source of all reporting needs Defines & dashboards and visualisation models Provides the most complex financial analysis for a financial function or a business, typically exercising a unique understanding of the business to determine the best method for achieving objectives. Consults with business leaders to guide and influence long- term and strategic decision-making within the broadest scope. Forecasts financial results within the broadest scope. Leads and advises on the most complex business initiatives, typically leading several analysts across multiple areas within finance and across geographies/organizations. Drives process improvement and policy development initiatives that impact the function globally. Represents the business unit during cross-regional or cross- functional planning processes. Provides mentoring and guidance to analysts. Education and Experience Required: First level university degree with a focus in business or economics; advanced degree or accounting certification (e.g., CPA, MBA) strongly preferred. Typically 12+ years of experience as a financial analyst. Typically experienced in a variety of finance functions. Knowledge and Skills: Advanced expertise in financial modelling and valuation Influencing skills Breadth in business finance knowledge including Go To Market Excellent analytical skills Superior teamwork skills Excellent understanding of accounting principles and financial analysis. Superior business application skills (e.g., Microsoft Excel). Superior communication and influencing skills. Excellent business acumen. Excellent project management skills. About HP   You’re out to reimagine and reinvent what’s possible—in your career as well as the world around you.  So are we. We love taking on tough challenges, disrupting the status quo, and creating what’s next. We’re in search of talented people who are inspired by big challenges, driven to learn and grow, and dedicated to making a meaningful difference.   HP is a technology company that operates in more than 170 countries around the world united in creating technology that makes life better for everyone, everywhere.   Our history: HP’s commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion – it's just who we are.  From the boardroom to factory floor, we create a culture where everyone is respected and where people can be themselves, while being a part of something bigger than themselves. We celebrate the notion that you can belong at HP and bring your authentic self to work each and every day. When you do that, you’re more innovative and that helps grow our bottom line. Come to HP and thrive!"
54,54,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=b1a0c3a52a9ce40f&fccid=7ac82fceed64aa81&vjs=3,"Grant Thornton LLP (Grant Thornton) is the U.S. memberfirm of Grant Thornton International Ltd, one of the world’s leadingorganizations of independent audit, tax and advisory firms. We’ve never been atypical professional services firm. We put people first, and that is what setsus apart. Themarketplace is evolving. Customer and employee expectations are changing. Whatworked yesterday may not work as well tomorrow. Grant Thornton’s Advisoryprofessionals help companies stay ahead of the game with bold thinking, bigideas and progressive strategies. OurAdvisory teams apply their deep experience and global footprint to challengethe status quo and develop custom strategies that work for you. With a focus onpragmatism, our outside-in, customer-led approach facilitates the agility andinnovation necessary to be a future-ready organization. Our services supportyou wherever you are in your business cycle — whether you’re looking at atransaction to propel your company forward, focusing on developing andimplementing the right controls to mitigate risk, or advancing your company’sfinance and technology infrastructure to match your aspirations. Technology &Transformation Data Analytics Sr. Associate POSITION SUMMARY As a DataAnalytics Consultant, you will help clients effectively use data to make betterdecisions by building and deploying data management, integration and analyticssolutions. You will apply your knowledge of various statistical andmachine-learning techniques to support a wide variety of challenging projects.Additionally, you will also drive adoption of best practices in data scienceacross the organization and apply the latest developments in statisticalmodeling, optimization techniques and machine learning methods to our clientsolutions. ESSENTIALDUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Help translate business requirements into technology requirements forinclusion in an enterprise analytics solution Craft both high-level and detailed design documents and implementinnovative solutions using the most recent technologies Optimize customer's current data solutions and infrastructure Implement large data platform, business intelligence and advanceanalytics and multi-tier type solutions Utilize big data and machine learning to build predictive, prescriptive,and cognitive models across a wide variety of client engagements Work hand-in-hand with client IT resources to define and ensure dataquality to enable data science solutions Diagnose model shortcomings and prescribe viable adjustments Select and lead sample imputation to triage incomplete data sets Perform thorough evaluation of models through controlled A/B testingtechniques Determine the appropriate model performance metric based on the data science technique and business KPI Directly support various aspects of the business with data analytics,and proactively surface new high value insights from the same data sets Work closely with our team to design, build, test, and deploy a widevariety of production-ready analytic models to support client and industrysolutions Identify new data sources and preparation methods that can boostaccuracy in predictive models Other duties as assigned Qualifications - External Two to 6 years of experience as a data scientist or data analyst. Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology or a background in machinelearning, statistics, bioinformatics, signal processing or related field. AMaster’s degree is a plus. Demonstrated ability to translate between the languages of business anddata: articulate problems, scenarios, considerations, etc between stakeholdersin both groups Detailedknowledge of the strengths and weaknesses of different data science techniques,and ability to select the correct one to match a client’s scenario Proven ability to prioritize and drive solution-centric efforts across ageographically distributed team of business and technology professionals Results driven with demonstrated sound judgment and pragmatism Strong business acumen and ability to determine the impact of data at avery high level Hands-on experience with common enterprise data sets: transactional,account, unstructured & semi-structured, time-series, machine log, etc Ability to move data around, from a database or an API, through atransformation or to a model and into human-readable form (ROC curve, Excelchart, map, d3 visualization, Tableau, etc.) Visualization tools such as PowerBI, Tableau and Qlik SQL Server or advanced database or advanced analytics experience Experience with common cloud data storage solutions Experience with Python, Java, R, Storm, Julia, SQL, Matlab, Mahout or aPerl one-liner. A working knowledge of the Microsoft Azure and Cortana Intelligencestack Ability toTravel up to 80% Abilityto travel on short notice and work additional hours as necessary. REWARDS ANDBENEFITS  Grant Thornton LLP promotes a nationally recognized culture of health andoffers an extensive array of benefits to meet individual lifestyles. For acomplete list of benefits please visit rewards and benefits . It is Grant Thornton’s policy to promote equalemployment opportunities. All personnel decisions, including, but not limitedto, recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, compensation, benefits and termination,are made without regard to race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sex,age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, citizenship status,veteran status, disability or any other characteristic protected by applicablefederal, state or local law. For any new hire will sit only in LA proper: We will consider for employment all qualified Applicants,including those with Criminal Histories, in a manner consistent with therequirements of applicable state and local laws, including the City of LosAngeles’ Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance."
56,56,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=0cdd0ce16df6b623&fccid=2e5b91edebf8c5ab&vjs=3,"Under the supervision of the Surveillance and Epidemiology Unit (SEU) Manager, the Epidemiologist / Statistician applies principles of Informatics and Epidemiology to disease control activities and services related to public health surveillance, preparedness, and response within the jurisdiction of Harris County Public Health (HCPH). Of particular importance is the prevention and control of notifiable conditions and communicable diseases, including diseases related to potential Bioterrorism agents and the proper surveillance and reporting of disease occurrence and outbreak situations. Duties and Responsibilities: Continues the development and improvement of MAVEN surveillance system and its daily administration and maintenance Maintains the reporting process to Texas Department of State Health Services (DSHS) for notifiable conditions, data retrieving and quality assurance Applies analytical methods to data from a variety of subject areas and sources and maintaining various data files Assists with the provision of data-driven information that contributes to the process of descriptive and analytic information routinely collected and reported regarding program evaluation, disease occurrence and emerging public health issues in the HCPH jurisdiction and Harris County Assists with development of analytical plans that incorporate appropriate epidemiological and statistical methods and techniques that include but are not limited to the design of survey and data collection tools, execution of data collection, analysis, and interpretation of results, to describe or solve epidemiologic questions Informatics: Spearheads and manages the continued development and improvement of MAVEN surveillance system, and works collaboratively with HCPH’s IT department and contracted software vendor on design, implementation, programming, and improvement of the software Administers and maintains both MAVEN and Insight surveillance software and associated databases Administers and maintains the Inbound and Outbound interface of MAVEN, utilize Rhapsody to process ELRs to/from DSHS server Sends notifiable disease cases to DSHS daily through established electronic process and maintains the reporting mechanism to ensure uninterrupted case reporting Customizes reports in MAVEN system and retrieves data from MAVEN and other databases as needed Data Analysis: Along with other members of SEU, produces routine data and QA reports, and upon request, regarding notifiable conditions and other emerging pathogens Runs routine data reports such as quarterly surveillance outcome measures and summary surveillance reports for public information sharing Administers and maintains the web-based Flu Portal and related accounts Produces special reports and statistical analysis of epidemiological investigations to ensure readiness for responding to Bioterrorism, other outbreaks of infectious diseases, and other public health threats and emergencies Provides data support during outbreak response, including database development, data collection during large outbreak investigations and assisting epidemiologists in data management Conducts quality assurance assessments of the SEU Produces special reports and statistical analyses of epidemiological investigations related to volume, quality, and other metrics Along with program leadership, assists to define ways to improve accuracy and timeliness of investigation processes and reporting Provides technical expertise in statistical analysis and epidemiological methods and techniques in the SEU such as data management (cleaning and recoding etc.), analysis, and reporting Creates documentations and guidelines related to informatics and data management and analysis as needed Fulfills data requests in SEU for internal and external requesters Provides trainings as related to informatics and data management as needed Subject Matter Expert: Provides technical expertise in informatics, statistical analysis, and epidemiological methods and techniques throughout HCPH as assigned Responds as directed to requests for special reports, data analysis, or presentations Ensures statistical validity and epidemiologic applicability regarding assigned projects Performs data extraction and analysis of health indicators to describe the health status of residents in the HCPH jurisdiction that includes data from various sources on morbidity, mortality, community infrastructure and program planning Other Duties & Responsibilities: Performs other duties as assigned, including special tasks involved in responding to an emergency event When needed, participates in investigations and provides intervention for epidemic or unusual community health related episodes or outbreaks, including those related to potential Bioterrorism agents and other related public health issues which develop the public health preparedness capacities of the section May serve as surge capacity in public health emergency responses Harris County is an Equal Opportunity Employer https://hrrm.harriscountytx.gov/Pages/EqualEmploymentOpportunityPlan.aspx If you need special services or accommodations, please call (713) 274-5445 or email ADACoordinator@bmd.hctx.net Requirements Master’s Degree from an accredited college or university in Biostatistics/Statistics, Epidemiology, Public Health, Informatics or related health or science field with a research curriculum; and Successful completion of coursework related to Epidemiologic Disease Investigation Successful completion of fifteen (15) semester hours in Statistics or Mathematics with at least (6) of those semester hours in Statistical Methods, (i.e., courses that include studies in Research Methods, Research Design/Proposal Writing, or methods of processing Mass Statistical Data such as methods of Tabulation and/or Electronic Data Processing A minimum of two (2) years practical experience in the field of Epidemiology, Communicable Disease Control, or in a Public Health setting, which focused on Informatics, Collecting, Computing, and Analyzing Statistical Data, in Public Health or related Health settings Experience with statistical analysis software such as SPSS, SAS, STATA, or comparable programs to extract data and analyze complex databases Knowledge of CDC packages such as EpiInfo and geographic information systems package such as MapInfo or ArcGIS Intermediate competence in MS Office software skills especially Excel and Access Experience with GIS mapping software Ability to display data and statistics graphically to demonstrate trends PROOF OF EDUCATION IS REQUIRED WITH APPLICATION Please attach a copy of your academic transcript prior to submitting your application NOTE: Qualifying education, experience, knowledge and skills must be clearly stated on your application's employment history. Resumes are welcome, but we do not use any information provided on your resume to qualify and refer you to the Hiring Department for consideration Preferences Proficient with MAVEN and/or Insight Epidemiology Module and Crystal Reports Experience or knowledge on SQL and Java General Information LOCATION: Houston HOURS: 40 Hours per Week SALARY: Commensurate with Experience Based on 26 Pay Periods Organizational Leadership: Understands the organizational mission Understands ethics and public good; is concerned with public trust Demonstrates respect for the opinions and beliefs of others Collaboration Demonstrates a sense of responsibility for the success of the group Collaborates with others to improve quality and address needs Establishes collaborative relationships and projects Innovation Ability to adapt to change Ability to manage change Adept at framing issues Interpersonal Abilities/Personal Characteristics: Uses sound judgment Self-motivated Organizes and maintains a work environment to allow for maximum productivity Communication: Communicates clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing Written and verbal English competency Ability to read and follow directions Analysis/Research Skills: Understands cost-benefit analysis Understands decision analysis Ability to conduct budget/fiscal analysis/financial management Planning Understands spatial analysis (physical, social, economic, demographic) Understands systems analysis and design Knowledgeable about project design and planning Due to a high volume of applications positions may close prior to the advertised closing date."
57,57,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ea74de09af07ed89&fccid=2df6a1e69a70a1e7&vjs=3,"Role: DQ Tech Lead  Cognizant (NASDAQ: CTSH) is a leading provider of information technology, consulting, and business process outsourcing services, dedicated to helping the world's leading companies build stronger businesses. Headquartered in Teaneck, New Jersey (U.S.). Cognizant is a member of the NASDAQ-100, the S&P 500, the Forbes Global 1000, and the Fortune 500 and we are among the top performing and fastest growing companies in the world.   Please note, this role is not able to offer visa transfer or sponsorship now or in the future*  Practice - AIA - Artificial Intelligence and Analytics  About AI & Analytics: Artificial intelligence (AI) and the data it collects and analyzes will soon sit at the core of all intelligent, human-centric businesses. By decoding customer needs, preferences, and behaviors, our clients can understand exactly what services, products, and experiences their consumers need. Within AI & Analytics, we work to design the future—a future in which trial-and-error business decisions have been replaced by informed choices and data-supported strategies.  By applying AI and data science, we help leading companies to prototype, refine, validate, and scale their AI and analytics products and delivery models. Cognizant’s AIA practice takes insights that are buried in data, and provides businesses a clear way to transform how they source, interpret and consume their information. Our clients need flexible data structures and a streamlined data architecture that quickly turns data resources into informative, meaningful intelligence.  Responsibilities:  Create and manage a Data Quality Management framework for the organization. Should have good understanding of Data profiling, Data discovery, Data Cleansing, Data Standardization process. Should have good data analysis and SQL experience. Facilitate the development and implementation of data quality standards. Work closely with data owners, data users and data custodians (IT) to ensure the root cause of reported data issues is understood and underlying problems as well as associated symptoms are resolved. Establish & maintain Data Quality Scorecards to pro-actively monitor and report on data quality across the group. Identify, compare, and resolve data quality problems. Evaluate large dataset for quality and accuracy. Determine business impact level for data quality issues. Design and Develop code to find and correct data quality errors. Determine root cause for data quality errors and make recommendations for long-term solutions. Research and determine scope and complexity of issue to identify steps to fix issue. Develop process improvements to enhance overall data quality. Develop and execute data cleanup measures. Ensure adherence to data quality standards. Resolve all internal data exceptions in timely and accurate manner. Identify areas of improvement to achieve data quality. Analyze, query, and manipulate data according to defined business rules and procedures. Educate data stakeholders on key data concepts and the value of data quality process.  Qualifications: 1. Data Quality project experience  2. Have performed in a data analyst role  3. Used any one of the Data quality tools in the industry  Cognizant is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V. Cognizant is committed to ensuring that all current and prospective associates are afforded equal opportunities and treatment and a work environment free of harassment.  Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.  #LI-AV1 #CB  Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Jun 29 2021  About Cognizant Cognizant (Nasdaq-100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant is ranked 194 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us @USJobsCognizant.  Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service. Cognizant is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you have a disability that requires a reasonable accommodation to search for a job opening or submit an application, please email CareersNA2@cognizant.com with your request and contact information."
58,58,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=46bb68e78b3a3c3e&fccid=bcadc9858872565c&vjs=3,"About Us: Cart.com is an ecommerce software, services, and brand holding company on a mission to democratize ecommerce and give digital merchants the freedom to grow. We are integrating all the pieces of the ecommerce value chain brands need to thrive, creating a truly end-to-end Ecommerce-as-a-Service platform that helps third party brands (and a few of our own) move faster, grow later, and deliver on their promises more completely. Cart.com is looking for a dynamic individual to join the organization as a Senior Product Manager embedded inside our Data Science and Machine Learning department. The data science department reports directly to the CEO and consists of end-to-end talent including ML engineering, software engineering, cloud engineering, and data engineering. This role will partner with cross functional executive leadership and the ML engineering teams to lead the vision and execution of the Cart.com’s ML platforms. This position will be responsible for the product roadmap, product OKRs, market research, and design of customer-ready collateral (whitepapers, specifications, etc). This role will be exposed to a diverse set of stakeholders throughout the company and will commonly require the investigation of technical solutions to build world-class machine learning capabilities to power the e-commerce industry of the future. Our data science department and Cart.com as a whole are aimed at disruption via the breakage of the age old paradigm by being better, more convenient, and cheaper. Responsibilities: Set the vision, roadmap, assessment, and direction of Cart.com ML products Leverage your in depth experience in machine learning and engineering in order to build ML platforms to be deployed at scale across tens of thousands of customers within the Cart.com ecosystem Own creation and tracking of ML product OKRs Be a subject matter expert on all ML assets, current and future, of Cart.com - includes education to cross functional teams Perform ongoing market and competitive research in our industry, keeping a structured and up to date view of our competition and industry forces at play along with the risks associated Utilize and optimize feedback loops from Sales, Marketing, and Customer Success teams in the tuning of the product development lifecycle Work closely with the product and engineering leaders to continuously monitor and optimize our product delivery processes to ensure we are delivering maximum business results Translate business initiatives to engineering stories and groom / prioritize the product backlog effectively by leading negotiation and trade-off discussions with key team leads across the organization weighing against risks and development costs Partner with Sales and Marketing teams to develop campaigns to drive product adoption, go-to-market releases and utilization of new and existing features Qualifications: Set the vision, roadmap, assessment, and direction of Cart.com ML products Leverage your in depth experience in machine learning and engineering in order to build ML platforms to be deployed at scale across tens of thousands of customers within the Cart.com ecosystem Own creation and tracking of ML product OKRs Be a subject matter expert on all ML assets, current and future, of Cart.com - includes education to cross functional teams Perform ongoing market and competitive research in our industry, keeping a structured and up to date view of our competition and industry forces at play along with the risks associated Utilize and optimize feedback loops from Sales, Marketing, and Customer Success teams in the tuning of the product development lifecycle Work closely with the product and engineering leaders to continuously monitor and optimize our product delivery processes to ensure we are delivering maximum business results Translate business initiatives to engineering stories and groom / prioritize the product backlog effectively by leading negotiation and trade-off discussions with key team leads across the organization weighing against risks and development costs Partner with Sales and Marketing teams to develop campaigns to drive product adoption, go-to-market releases and utilization of new and existing features Experience in machine learning SaaS offerings preferred Experience in intelligent data warehousing preferred Experience in eCommerce machine learning such as but not limited to media attribution, mix modeling, personalization at scale, recommendations, forecasting, and customer insights preferred Experience in the deployment of machine learning assets within google cloud platform preferred OUR CORE VALUES: These aren’t just buried somewhere in an employee manual. We live and breathe them. They are on the walls and live in our hearts. They come up constantly in conversations and actions. They govern the decisions of the newest hire all the way up to our CEO:  WE ARE OBSESSED WITH BRANDS We live for brands and are fanatical about their success.  WE THINK BEYOND THE BOX We explore new ideas and discover creative solutions. We think openly about how to serve brands and solve problems.  WE DON'T GIVE UP No one expected this to be easy. We are resilient— we dig in and keep going.  WE SPEAK UP Every person here has an obligation to question norms, voice concerns, and offer their perspective.  WE WORK TOGETHER We work with integrity and respect, ask for help, and extend the same help to others.  WE ARE HUMAN Our people are our biggest strength. We have fun and make real connections with one another and with the brands we serve. Cart.com is deeply committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace. We’re proud to be an equal opportunity employer, seeking to identify and onboard people from all walks of life. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, family status, marital status, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, neurodiversity, disability, age, or veteran status, or any other non-merit based or legally protected grounds. #LI[SD1]"
59,59,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=7c48b718cef80cf7&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"Who We Are A leading partner to the world’s major cloud providers, including AWS, Azure, and Google. The formation of Accenture Cloud First, with a $3 billion investment over three years, demonstrates our commitment to deliver greater value to our clients when they need it most and offers huge growth opportunities for you! Our Cloud First group of more than 70,000 cloud professionals delivers a full stack of integrated cloud capabilities across data, edge, integrated infrastructure and applications, deep ecosystem skills, culture of change along with a deep industry expertise to shape, move, build and operate our clients’ businesses in the cloud. To accelerate our customers transformation leveraging cloud, we combine world-class learning and talent development expertise; deep experience in cloud change management; and cloud-ready operating models with a commitment to responsible business by design — with security, data privacy, responsible use of artificial intelligence, sustainability and ethics and compliance built into the fundamental changes Accenture helps companies achieve. We are excited about the opportunities in the Cloud – and hope you are too! Learn more about why Accenture’s Google Cloud Business Group was named the 2019 Apigee Global SI Partner of the Year. What’s In It For You You will always be learning in this role through: On the job learning: opportunity to be immersed in the design and implementation of human-centric solutions to help solve client’s largest and most complex challenges, powered by the latest Google technologies and industry’s best practices such event-driven architectures and domain driven design. Collaborate on internal assets and contribute to open source community projects. Being part of Accenture Google Business Group’s close-knit, vibrant community; client teams pushing the boundaries of new business capabilities and emerging Google technologies sharing their experiences and lessons learned with each other. Opportunity to learn and work with Accenture’s certified Google Fellows and certified Google Cloud practitioners. As part of our Data & AI group, you will lead technology innovation for our clients through robust delivery of world-class solutions. You will build better software better! There will never be a typical day and that’s why people love it here. The opportunities to make a difference within exciting client initiatives are unlimited in the ever-changing technology landscape. You will be part of a highly collaborative and growing network of technology and data experts, who are taking on today’s biggest, most complex business challenges using the latest data and analytics technologies. We will nurture your talent in an inclusive culture that values diversity. You will have an opportunity to work in roles such as Data Scientist, Data Engineer, or Chief Data Officer covering all aspects of Data including Data Management, Data Governance, Data Intelligence, Knowledge Graphs, and IoT. Come grow your career in Technology at Accenture! Job Responsibilities: Entrepreneurial and motivated individual interested in building a book of business around a set of Partner-Accenture offerings, capabilities, solutions in the market place.Responsible for establishing the Data in the Cloud practice focused on the Google GCP Data stack.Own and maintain partner and alliance relationships.Develop operating model for staffing, delivery and growthDrive capability growth subject to business goals such as talent plans, chargeability and recoverabilitySupport sales and Go to Market functions by evangelizing the platform and providing thought leadership For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only.  Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts.  Basic Qualifications Minimum of 5 years planning, estimating and sizing cloud based data opportunities in a global delivery modelMinimum of 6 years of technical sales, architecture design, evaluation, and investigation in a cloud environment.Minimum of 6 years of Client Management and/or Project Management experience.Technical understanding of Data in the cloud.Ability to define and demonstrate expertise in both the business outcomes and technology aspects of the play.Experience in working with various go to market & Sales channels support sales and drive business.Experience with define and demonstrate expertise in both the business outcomes and technology aspects of cloud dataAbility to work with partners and drive joint business for Accenture and Google. Education Requirement Bachelor's degree or equivalent (minimum 12 years work experience). If Associate’s Degree, must have equivalent minimum 6 year work experience. Preferred Skills Google Cloud Platform (GCP) certification (or comparable experience),AWS, or Azure certification - Data migration and data processing experience on the Amazon AWS stack, specifically:- BigQuery Cloud DataFlowCloud DataProcCloud DataPrepCloud PubSubCloud ComposerCloud BigTable Previous Consulting or client service delivery experience on Google Cloud Platform (GCP).Experience with private and public cloud architectures, pros/cons, and migration considerations.Experience in and understanding of data and information management, esp in Big Data trends.Familiarity with the Technology stack available in the industry for data cataloging, data ingestion, capture, processing and curation: Kafka, StreamSets, Attunity, Collibra, Map Reduce, Hadoop, Spark, Flume, Hive, Impala, SparkSQLTechnical/Team Leadership Experience.Personnel Development Experience (hiring, resource planning, performance feedback, etc.). As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $99,900 - $168,499 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
60,60,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=20f37a240d29c77f&fccid=2259246cd8a35c6c&vjs=3,"The School of Biomedical Informatics (SBMI), at the University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston (UTHealth) has a non-tenure track position at the research assistant professor level in the area of Electronic Health Records (EHR)-based predictive modeling.  UTHealth is in the world-renowned Texas Medical Center (TMC) located in cosmopolitan Houston, Texas, the fourth largest city in the United States. SBMI currently offers Master's and Ph.D. Degrees, along with a certificate program in biomedical and health informatics. RESPONSIBILITIES: The successful candidate will be expected to plan, supervise, and direct research in EHR based predictive modeling under the direction of Dr. Degui Zhi. The candidate will provide technical expertise to facilitate the study design, sample or data collection, pipeline development, data analysis, results implementation, manuscript writing, and grant proposal preparation. Collaborative research with other faculty within SBMI and across UTHealth and TMC (e.g., MD Anderson Cancer Center and Baylor College of Medicine) is also encouraged.  QUALIFICATIONS: The individual should possess a doctoral degree in one of the following areas: bioinformatics, genomics, genetics, computational biology, biomedical informatics, computer science, medicine, biostatistics, or related disciplines. A record of verifiable and published EHR predictive modeling and potential for obtaining extramural funding are preferred. Excellent teamwork and communication skills are required.  APPLICATION: As part of the application process, the applicant should provide a current curriculum vitae, a research statement, contact information for three references, and a cover letter describing qualifications and career goals. Note that all application materials must be submitted through UTHealth's online system.  APPOINTMENTS/BENEFITS:  This position is a full time appointment on the non-tenure track, renewable on a yearly basis.  SALARY:  Competitive and dependent upon qualifications and experience."
61,61,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=0cdd0ce16df6b623&fccid=2e5b91edebf8c5ab&vjs=3,"Under the supervision of the Surveillance and Epidemiology Unit (SEU) Manager, the Epidemiologist / Statistician applies principles of Informatics and Epidemiology to disease control activities and services related to public health surveillance, preparedness, and response within the jurisdiction of Harris County Public Health (HCPH). Of particular importance is the prevention and control of notifiable conditions and communicable diseases, including diseases related to potential Bioterrorism agents and the proper surveillance and reporting of disease occurrence and outbreak situations. Duties and Responsibilities: Continues the development and improvement of MAVEN surveillance system and its daily administration and maintenance Maintains the reporting process to Texas Department of State Health Services (DSHS) for notifiable conditions, data retrieving and quality assurance Applies analytical methods to data from a variety of subject areas and sources and maintaining various data files Assists with the provision of data-driven information that contributes to the process of descriptive and analytic information routinely collected and reported regarding program evaluation, disease occurrence and emerging public health issues in the HCPH jurisdiction and Harris County Assists with development of analytical plans that incorporate appropriate epidemiological and statistical methods and techniques that include but are not limited to the design of survey and data collection tools, execution of data collection, analysis, and interpretation of results, to describe or solve epidemiologic questions Informatics: Spearheads and manages the continued development and improvement of MAVEN surveillance system, and works collaboratively with HCPH’s IT department and contracted software vendor on design, implementation, programming, and improvement of the software Administers and maintains both MAVEN and Insight surveillance software and associated databases Administers and maintains the Inbound and Outbound interface of MAVEN, utilize Rhapsody to process ELRs to/from DSHS server Sends notifiable disease cases to DSHS daily through established electronic process and maintains the reporting mechanism to ensure uninterrupted case reporting Customizes reports in MAVEN system and retrieves data from MAVEN and other databases as needed Data Analysis: Along with other members of SEU, produces routine data and QA reports, and upon request, regarding notifiable conditions and other emerging pathogens Runs routine data reports such as quarterly surveillance outcome measures and summary surveillance reports for public information sharing Administers and maintains the web-based Flu Portal and related accounts Produces special reports and statistical analysis of epidemiological investigations to ensure readiness for responding to Bioterrorism, other outbreaks of infectious diseases, and other public health threats and emergencies Provides data support during outbreak response, including database development, data collection during large outbreak investigations and assisting epidemiologists in data management Conducts quality assurance assessments of the SEU Produces special reports and statistical analyses of epidemiological investigations related to volume, quality, and other metrics Along with program leadership, assists to define ways to improve accuracy and timeliness of investigation processes and reporting Provides technical expertise in statistical analysis and epidemiological methods and techniques in the SEU such as data management (cleaning and recoding etc.), analysis, and reporting Creates documentations and guidelines related to informatics and data management and analysis as needed Fulfills data requests in SEU for internal and external requesters Provides trainings as related to informatics and data management as needed Subject Matter Expert: Provides technical expertise in informatics, statistical analysis, and epidemiological methods and techniques throughout HCPH as assigned Responds as directed to requests for special reports, data analysis, or presentations Ensures statistical validity and epidemiologic applicability regarding assigned projects Performs data extraction and analysis of health indicators to describe the health status of residents in the HCPH jurisdiction that includes data from various sources on morbidity, mortality, community infrastructure and program planning Other Duties & Responsibilities: Performs other duties as assigned, including special tasks involved in responding to an emergency event When needed, participates in investigations and provides intervention for epidemic or unusual community health related episodes or outbreaks, including those related to potential Bioterrorism agents and other related public health issues which develop the public health preparedness capacities of the section May serve as surge capacity in public health emergency responses Harris County is an Equal Opportunity Employer https://hrrm.harriscountytx.gov/Pages/EqualEmploymentOpportunityPlan.aspx If you need special services or accommodations, please call (713) 274-5445 or email ADACoordinator@bmd.hctx.net Requirements Master’s Degree from an accredited college or university in Biostatistics/Statistics, Epidemiology, Public Health, Informatics or related health or science field with a research curriculum; and Successful completion of coursework related to Epidemiologic Disease Investigation Successful completion of fifteen (15) semester hours in Statistics or Mathematics with at least (6) of those semester hours in Statistical Methods, (i.e., courses that include studies in Research Methods, Research Design/Proposal Writing, or methods of processing Mass Statistical Data such as methods of Tabulation and/or Electronic Data Processing A minimum of two (2) years practical experience in the field of Epidemiology, Communicable Disease Control, or in a Public Health setting, which focused on Informatics, Collecting, Computing, and Analyzing Statistical Data, in Public Health or related Health settings Experience with statistical analysis software such as SPSS, SAS, STATA, or comparable programs to extract data and analyze complex databases Knowledge of CDC packages such as EpiInfo and geographic information systems package such as MapInfo or ArcGIS Intermediate competence in MS Office software skills especially Excel and Access Experience with GIS mapping software Ability to display data and statistics graphically to demonstrate trends PROOF OF EDUCATION IS REQUIRED WITH APPLICATION Please attach a copy of your academic transcript prior to submitting your application NOTE: Qualifying education, experience, knowledge and skills must be clearly stated on your application's employment history. Resumes are welcome, but we do not use any information provided on your resume to qualify and refer you to the Hiring Department for consideration Preferences Proficient with MAVEN and/or Insight Epidemiology Module and Crystal Reports Experience or knowledge on SQL and Java General Information LOCATION: Houston HOURS: 40 Hours per Week SALARY: Commensurate with Experience Based on 26 Pay Periods Organizational Leadership: Understands the organizational mission Understands ethics and public good; is concerned with public trust Demonstrates respect for the opinions and beliefs of others Collaboration Demonstrates a sense of responsibility for the success of the group Collaborates with others to improve quality and address needs Establishes collaborative relationships and projects Innovation Ability to adapt to change Ability to manage change Adept at framing issues Interpersonal Abilities/Personal Characteristics: Uses sound judgment Self-motivated Organizes and maintains a work environment to allow for maximum productivity Communication: Communicates clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing Written and verbal English competency Ability to read and follow directions Analysis/Research Skills: Understands cost-benefit analysis Understands decision analysis Ability to conduct budget/fiscal analysis/financial management Planning Understands spatial analysis (physical, social, economic, demographic) Understands systems analysis and design Knowledgeable about project design and planning Due to a high volume of applications positions may close prior to the advertised closing date."
62,62,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=46f575a3bf2c083d&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"Are you ready to step up to the New and take your technology expertise to the next level We are: A leading partner to the world’s major cloud providers, including AWS, Azure, and Google. The formation of Accenture Cloud First, with a $3 billion investment over three years, demonstrates our commitment to deliver greater value to our clients when they need it most. Our Cloud First multi-service group of more than 70,000 cloud professionals delivers a full stack of integrated cloud capabilities across data, edge, integrated infrastructure and applications, deep ecosystem skills, culture of change along with a deep industry expertise to shape, move, build and operate our clients’ businesses in the cloud. To accelerate our customers transformation leveraging cloud, we combine world-class learning and talent development expertise; deep experience in cloud change management; and cloud-ready operating models with a commitment to responsible business by design — with security, data privacy, responsible use of artificial intelligence, sustainability and ethics and compliance built into the fundamental changes Accenture helps companies achieve. As part of our Accenture Google Business Group in Cloud First, you will lead technology innovation for our clients through robust delivery of world-class solutions. You will build better software better! There will never be a typical day and that’s why people love it here. The opportunities to make a difference within exciting client initiatives are unlimited in the ever-changing technology landscape. You will be part of a growing network of technology experts who are highly collaborative taking on today’s biggest, most complex business challenges. We will nurture your talent in an inclusive culture that values diversity. Come grow your career in technology at Accenture! For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts.  Basic Qualification Bachelor's degree or equivalent (minimum 12 years) work experience. If Associate Degree, must have an additional minimum 6 years work experience.Possess Google Professional Data Engineer Certification.Minimum 3 years direct experience in Enterprise Data Warehouse technologiesMinimum 3 years in a customer facing role working with enterprise clientsHands on GCP Cloud data implementation projects experience (Dataflow, Cloud Composer, Big Query, Cloud Storage etc.)Experience with developing software code in one or more languages such as Java, Python and SQL.Experience designing and deploying large scale distributed data processing systems with few technologies such as Oracle, MS SQL Server, MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Cassandra, Redis, Hadoop, Spark, HBase, Netezza, Teradata, Tableau, Qlik or MicroStrategy. Preferred Skills Data migration and data processing experience on the Google Cloud stack, specifically: o BigQuery o Cloud DataFlow o Cloud DataProc o Cloud Storage o Cloud DataPrep o Cloud PubSub o Cloud Composer o Cloud BigTable o DEV Ops o Github  Previous Consulting or client service delivery experience on Google Cloud Platform (GCP).Experience in and understanding of data and information management, especially in Big Data trends.Familiarity with the Technology stack available in the industry for data cataloging, data ingestion, capture, processing and curation: Kafka, StreamSets, Attunity, Collibra, Map Reduce, Hadoop, Spark, Flume, Hive, Impala, SparkSQL Professional Skill Requirement All of our professionals receive comprehensive training covering business acumen, technical and professional skills development. You'll also have opportunities to hone your functional skills and expertise in an area of specialization. We offer a variety of formal and informal training programs at every level to help you acquire and build specialized skills faster. Learning takes place both on the job and through formal training conducted online, in the classroom, or in collaboration with teammates. The sheer variety of work we do, and the experience it offers, provide an unbeatable platform from which to build a career.  Unless expressly indicated, this role is not open in the state of Colorado. As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $43,200 - $114,499 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
63,63,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=09c00e6bf0f6e27f&fccid=f3b836e645f9b36d&vjs=3,"Job ID: 2111186 Location: HOUSTON , TX , US Date Posted: 2021-07-27 Category: Engineering and Sciences Subcategory: Statistician Schedule: Full-time Shift: Day Job Travel: No Minimum Clearance Required: None Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain: Public Trust Potential for Remote Work: No Description SAIC is seeking to hire a Senior System Safety & Reliability Engineer to support NASA’s human spaceflight programs at the Johnson Space Center in Houston, TX.  Provide expertise in the application of system safety and reliability analyses in support of NASA’s human spaceflight programs including, but not limited to, the Commercial Crew, Orion Multipurpose Crewed Vehicle, and Gateway Programs Develop and utilize system safety and reliability analysis such as hazard analysis, FMEA, RBDA, FTA, HRA and PRA to assess ground support and spaceflight hardware, software, pre-launch, in-flight and post landing recovery operations to identify hazards and quantify risk of designated operations, conditions or events related to planned human spaceflight missions Perform reliability data analysis, including the collection, classification and validation of data used to model and predict the reliability of complex spaceflight systems and crew operations under extreme environmental conditions Provide system modeling and data analysis expertise to develop reliability and probabilistic risk assessment models, and the reduction and application of probability data, including development of early flight adjustment factors Coordinate with spaceflight hardware/software developers and operators to collect failure and operations related data necessary to model spaceflight systems Provide modeling and data analysis for design and operational trade studies to support risk informed decision making Document assessment/analysis results in formal reports and present findings and recommendations to senior management Provide technical assessments of System Safety, Reliability, Availability, and Maintainability (RAM) products and processes developed/used by NASA contractors and hardware providers  Qualifications Required Education and Experience: Bachelors in Engineering, Science (Physics), Mathematics, or Statistics, and 15 years or more experience. Knowledgeable on various statistical analysis methodologies, tools and techniques including their proper application and limitations US citizen able to obtain a Public Trust clearance Ability to pass a NASA background check to get access to NASA facilities and IT systems  REQUIRED SKILLS: Excellent interpersonal, written, and verbal communications skills   SAIC is a premier technology integrator solving our nation's modernization and readiness challenges. Our offerings across defense, space, civilian, and intelligence markets include high-end solutions in engineering, IT, and mission outcomes. We integrate the best components from our portfolio with our partner's ecosystem to deliver innovative and effective solutions. We are 25,500 strong; driven by mission, united by purpose, and inspired by opportunities. Headquartered in Reston, VA, SAIC has annual revenues of nearly $7.1 billion. For information, visit saic.com or Working at SAIC for benefits details. SAIC is an Equal Opportunity Employer empowering people no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or veteran status. We strive to create a diverse, inclusive and respectful work culture that values all."
64,64,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=dffcfdd04248a43e&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"We are: Applied Intelligence, the people who love using data to tell a story. We’re also the world’s largest team of data scientists, data engineers, and experts in machine learning and AI. A great day for us Solving big problems using the latest tech, serious brain power, and deep knowledge of just about every industry. We believe a mix of data, analytics, automation, and responsible AI can do almost anything—spark digital metamorphoses, widen the range of what humans can do, and breathe life into smart products and services. Want to join our crew of sharp analytical minds Visit us here to find out more about Applied Intelligence. You are: A data pro with serious analytical and statistical chops. You know how to take massive amounts of data and find the insights our clients need to help their companies do more. The work: Use statistics, data mining, Machine Learning, and deep learning techniques to deliver data-driven insights for our clientsApply data science methodologies to deliver insights to clientsWork with Accenture teams and clients to understand their challenges and create solutionsFacilitate the development of “request for proposals” responses and contract developmentBe a thought leader for your team on projects and about leading technologiesStay on top of AI trends  Here’s what you need: At least 3 years’ working in data science using statisticsAt least 2 years’ developing Machine Learning methodsAt least 2 years’ experience with techniques like clustering, regression, and optimizationAt least 2 years’ working with data science tools like Python, R, Scala, Julia, or SASA Bachelor’s degree in data science and related disciplines like mathematics, statistics, computer science, physics, or related fields Bonus points if: You have a Master’s degree in statistics, econometrics, mathematics, or statisticsData science is your passion and you’re creative and forward thinkingExperience with unsupervised learning methodologiesYou know your way around cloud services like AWS, Google and Azure and big data tools like Hadoop, Hive and SparkYou have know-how in AI, machine learning, data science, and other related areasYour consulting experience matches your analytical chopsPossess a blend of advanced analytical capabilities and consulting expertise that will create value and insights for our clientsAbility to work across industries and with cross-functional organizations do. As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $84,300 - $1,85,400 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
65,65,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=139fd3eb8ceb6b79&fccid=fd23f1defdcd40be&vjs=3,"At Memorial Hermann, we're about creating exceptional experiences for both our patients and our employees. Our goal is to provide opportunities for our diverse employee population that develop and grow careers in a team-oriented environment focused on patient care.  Every employee, at every level, begins their journey at Memorial Hermann learning about the history of the organization and its established culture built on trust and integrity. Our employees drive this culture, and we want you to be a part of it.  Job Summary The Director, Data Science is responsible for the vision, development and execution of advanced analytic data modeling capabilities to proactive and predictive insights for business, consumer, and clinical operational consumption. Develops and operationalizes the discipline around understanding business/clinical modeling needs, hiring and developing data science professional skills, and educates the organization on how best to leverage advanced predictive analytics, machine learning, and artificial intelligence capabilities to address data problems at scale. Operationalizes data science strategy to ensure the Memorial Hermann delivers a world class health experience. The Director, Data Science reports to the VP, Chief Analytics and Informatics Officer.  Job Description  MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS  Education: Bachelors degree in math, engineering, computer science, or related field required. Masters preferred.  Licenses/Certifications: None  Experience / Knowledge / Skills:  Five (5) years of experience in data science research and operations experience Five (5) years of leadership experience in a complex organization Five (5) or more years of experience in large, cross-functional teams influencing senior-level management and key stakeholders effectively across the organization and within complex contexts. Possess deep knowledge of business processes including, but not limited to the application of data science disciplines to predictively solving complex problems. Understanding of use of big data capabilities and methods of managing large data sets Strong understanding of the current landscape in data science, complex modeling, data mining, and contemporary tools to facilitate the development and operationalization of model development. Ability to deliver results while working through others in a matrixed organization and motivate a team culture that is respectful and supports the values of excellence and integrity Demonstrates commitment to the Partners-in-Caring process by integrating our culture in all internal and external customer interactions; delivers on our brand promise of ""Advancing health. Personalizing care"" through compassion, courage, credibility, and commitment to community.  PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTABILITIES Collaboratively define and develop the Memorial Hermann data science program, incorporating, business, clinical and consumer experience operations Develop education and evangelize the discipline of data science through communication of vision and use cases Discover, evaluate, and incubate next generation technologies and model development methods Collaborate with care delivery and service line leadership to identify opportunities for the development and application of predictive models to create proactive insights to enhance the delivery of care and increase operational efficiencies Develop a robust set of actionable KPIs to understand and track operational impact of developed models Provide leadership in the refinement and fulfillment of the health system's data and analytics strategy to develop a vision, go-to-market and execution roadmap to support the aggressive growth of the health system's data science practice, ensuring the system remains vibrant in today's changing healthcare marketplace and the delivery of healthcare Bring a deep understanding of data modeling practices and trends, with a focus on continued experimentation and research, coupled with an operational lens Effectively communicates the vision and strategic plan for change to internal and external stakeholders Plans, oversees and ensures completion of approved projects through internal and external resources Supervises other Managers, data science professionals, and project team leaders Employee Signature:________________________________________ Date:_________________  Manager Signature:_________________________________________ Date:_________________  Must be able to demonstrate knowledge and skills necessary to provide care appropriate to the patient served. Must demonstrate knowledge of the principles of growth and development as it relates to the different life cycles. Specific age groups that are served by this position are circled:  | Neonate | Infant | Pediatric | Adolescent | Adult | Adult/Geriatric"
66,66,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=387b6701af5a5065&fccid=053befe8409ab9e4&vjs=3,"Company: US6469 Sysco Payroll, Division of Sysco Resources Services, LLC Zip Code: 77077 Minimum Level of Education: Bachelor’s Degree Minimum Years of Experience: 3 Years Employment Type: Full Time Travel Percentage: 0 Job Summary: This role will be responsible for price management of $1-2B revenue product portfolio. This role will provide analytical thought leadership to develop pricing strategy recommendations, work cross-functionally to gather required inputs to support price setting decisions, and own performance analytics and insights to drive profitability improvements. This role will require ability to synthesize and communicate results, recommend a course of actions, as well as implement the solutions. Duties and Responsibilities: Perform weekly pricing review and determine recommended pricing overrides for managed product portfolio Identify pricing lever changes and analyze impacts to profitability, volume forecast, and customer basket Work with cross-functional team to collect inputs and design requirements to problem solve or develop pricing recommendations Conduct performance analytics and generate insights to identify improvement opportunities Ensure data integrity and configuration accuracy in pricing system Education Required: Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Economics, Statistics, engineering or another analytical field of study Experience Required: 3-5 years of analytical experience with knowledge in SQL Experience Preferred: Experience in price modeling and model configurations Experience with scientific scripting language (e.g. R), python and statistical methods Advanced SQL skills Technical Skills and Abilities: Expert in Microsoft Excel Python proficiency- being able to read, understand and develop models, and experience with experimental design a plus Demonstrates strong communications skills in describing complex analytics and models to non-technical audience Ability to take a business question or problem and develop structured data analytics to answer or solve problem with minimum instructions Able to perform quantitative analysis of large data sets using appropriate analytical tools while navigating multiple, complex data environments Possesses a strong general business acumen Demonstrates strong communication skills Ability to participate in multiple workstreams/projects in a fast-paced environment, adapting to shifting priorities and meeting deadlines Collaborative team player who can synthesize feedback and direction from multiple stakeholders Expert in Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint Candidates hired in positions eligible for Sysco Benefits who start work in the months of May and June 2021 may be eligible for medical and prescriptions drug plan coverage. Effective on their date of hire*. This special medical and presanction drug plan eligibility period supersedes the standard benefits information on below regarding Sysco’s benefits eligibility period. Standard eligibility rules (below) still apply to all other Sysco Benefits. *exclusions/exceptions may apply. Physical Demands: Reasonable accommodations will be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit, stand, walk and use hands and fingers to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, and telephone to talk and hear. Travel Requirements: 0% Work Environment: Corporate office BENEFITS INFORMATION: Candidates who start work in the months of May and June 2021 may be eligible for medical and prescription drug plan coverage effective on their date of hire*. Standard eligibility rules and timelines apply to all other Sysco benefits, including additional healthcare benefits options, retirement benefits, vacation, and paid sick leave. Please visit https://syscobenefits.com/careers to view additional benefits information. *Exceptions/exclusions may apply HOW WE PROTECT OUR ASSOCIATES COVID-19 Precaution(s): Personal protective equipment and masks provided Temperature screenings Social distancing guidelines in place Sanitizing, disinfecting, and cleaning procedures in place OVERVIEW: Sysco is the global leader in foodservice distribution. With over 57,000 associates and a fleet of over 13,000 vehicles, Sysco operates approximately 326 distribution facilities worldwide and serves more than 625,000 customer locations. We offer our associates the opportunity to grow personally and professionally, to contribute to the success of a dynamic organization, and to serve others in a manner that exceeds their expectations. We’re looking for talented, hard-working individuals to join our team. Come grow with us and let us show you why Sysco is at the heart of food and service. AFFIRMATIVE ACTION STATEMENT: Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer, and consider qualified applicants without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected factor under federal, state or local law. This opportunity is available through Sysco Corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliates."
68,68,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ea74de09af07ed89&fccid=2df6a1e69a70a1e7&vjs=3,"Role: DQ Tech Lead  Cognizant (NASDAQ: CTSH) is a leading provider of information technology, consulting, and business process outsourcing services, dedicated to helping the world's leading companies build stronger businesses. Headquartered in Teaneck, New Jersey (U.S.). Cognizant is a member of the NASDAQ-100, the S&P 500, the Forbes Global 1000, and the Fortune 500 and we are among the top performing and fastest growing companies in the world.   Please note, this role is not able to offer visa transfer or sponsorship now or in the future*  Practice - AIA - Artificial Intelligence and Analytics  About AI & Analytics: Artificial intelligence (AI) and the data it collects and analyzes will soon sit at the core of all intelligent, human-centric businesses. By decoding customer needs, preferences, and behaviors, our clients can understand exactly what services, products, and experiences their consumers need. Within AI & Analytics, we work to design the future—a future in which trial-and-error business decisions have been replaced by informed choices and data-supported strategies.  By applying AI and data science, we help leading companies to prototype, refine, validate, and scale their AI and analytics products and delivery models. Cognizant’s AIA practice takes insights that are buried in data, and provides businesses a clear way to transform how they source, interpret and consume their information. Our clients need flexible data structures and a streamlined data architecture that quickly turns data resources into informative, meaningful intelligence.  Responsibilities:  Create and manage a Data Quality Management framework for the organization. Should have good understanding of Data profiling, Data discovery, Data Cleansing, Data Standardization process. Should have good data analysis and SQL experience. Facilitate the development and implementation of data quality standards. Work closely with data owners, data users and data custodians (IT) to ensure the root cause of reported data issues is understood and underlying problems as well as associated symptoms are resolved. Establish & maintain Data Quality Scorecards to pro-actively monitor and report on data quality across the group. Identify, compare, and resolve data quality problems. Evaluate large dataset for quality and accuracy. Determine business impact level for data quality issues. Design and Develop code to find and correct data quality errors. Determine root cause for data quality errors and make recommendations for long-term solutions. Research and determine scope and complexity of issue to identify steps to fix issue. Develop process improvements to enhance overall data quality. Develop and execute data cleanup measures. Ensure adherence to data quality standards. Resolve all internal data exceptions in timely and accurate manner. Identify areas of improvement to achieve data quality. Analyze, query, and manipulate data according to defined business rules and procedures. Educate data stakeholders on key data concepts and the value of data quality process.  Qualifications: 1. Data Quality project experience  2. Have performed in a data analyst role  3. Used any one of the Data quality tools in the industry  Cognizant is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V. Cognizant is committed to ensuring that all current and prospective associates are afforded equal opportunities and treatment and a work environment free of harassment.  Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.  #LI-AV1 #CB  Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Jun 29 2021  About Cognizant Cognizant (Nasdaq-100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant is ranked 194 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us @USJobsCognizant.  Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service. Cognizant is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you have a disability that requires a reasonable accommodation to search for a job opening or submit an application, please email CareersNA2@cognizant.com with your request and contact information."
69,69,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=35d030af767f2bcb&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"We are: Applied Intelligence, the people who love using data to tell a story. We’re also the world’s largest team of data scientists, data engineers, and experts in machine learning and AI. A great day for us Solving big problems using the latest tech, serious brain power, and deep knowledge of just about every industry. We believe a mix of data, analytics, automation, and responsible AI can do almost anything—spark digital metamorphoses, widen the range of what humans can do, and breathe life into smart products and services. Want to join our crew of sharp analytical minds Visit us here to find out more about Applied Intelligence. You are: The data and statistics expert. You will bring your expertise and passion to tackle different analytics problems, living between known state of the art technologies/methodologies and production level solutions. And you’re all about helping clients turn data into information they can use. The work: Lead and manage a small team of data scientists Deliver data science insights using statistical, data mining, and machine and deep learning Facilitate the development of “request for proposals” responses and contract development Understand client needs and create solutions for them Provide thought leadership for projects and about leading technologies Play an active role building a practice including capability development and innovation Keep up-to-date on AI trends  Here’s what you need: At least 5 years using statistics and data science At least 3 years developing Machine Learning, regression, optimization, recommendation, and neural networks, among other techniques At least 3 years working with data science tools like Python, R, Scala, Julia, or SAS A Bachelor’s degree in data science and a related discipline like mathematics, statistics, computer science or physics Bonus points if: You have a Master’s degree in data science and related disciplines as data science, mathematics, statistics, operational research, computer science, physics, or related fields. You have worked as a consultant on big data projects Working knowledge of data querying (e.g. Spark SQL, SQL, Workbench, MS Access) and Ad-hoc Data Analysis, Reporting` Dashboard and Visualization (Tableau, Power BI, Qlikview) You’re passionate, creative, and forward thinking You have experience working with cloud services like AWS, Google, and Azure. You know how to use big data tools like Hadoop, Hive, and Spark Travel For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts. As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $113,000 -$185,399 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
75,75,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=32b05dc6f7a4408e&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"We are: Applied Intelligence, the people who love using data to tell a story. We’re also the world’s largest team of data scientists, data engineers, and experts in machine learning and AI. A great day for us? Solving big problems using the latest tech, serious brain power, and deep knowledge of just about every industry. We believe a mix of data, analytics, automation, and responsible AI can do almost anything—spark digital metamorphoses, widen the range of what humans can do, and breathe life into smart products and services. Want to join our crew of sharp analytical minds? Visit us here to find out more about Applied Intelligence. You Are: An expert Cloud data /ML engineer with an eye for AI. You want to change how the world works and lives by taking AI out of the lab and into everyday life.  The Work: Bring your deep expertise in cloud architecture / DevOps/MLOPs to analyze and recommend enterprise-grade solutions for operationalizing AI / ML analytics Develop end-to-end (Data/Dev/ML)Ops pipelines based on in-depth understanding of cloud platforms, AI lifecycle, and business problems to ensure analytics solutions are delivered efficiently, predictably, and sustainably. Prototype and demonstrate solutions for clients in customer environments. Use your judgment to craft solutions to complex problems or seek guidance as needed Develop assets, accelerators, and thought capital for your practice Stay current on new products that clients could use Be a trusted advisor to your Accenture colleagues and to your clients  Here’s What You Need: Bachelors degree or 12 years equivalent experience Minimum 2 years of software engineering experience while working in an AI / ML context alongside Data Scientists or ML Engineers Minimum 1 year of design and implementation (building, containerizing and deploying end to end automated data and ML pipelines) of cloud solutions on AWS, Azure, or GCP. Minimum 1 year of experience with Docker, Kubernetes clusters and implementing CI/CD or DevOps / MLOps solutions Bonus Points If: Certifications Preferred: Certification from any of the three major cloud platforms (AWS / Azure / GCP) in Cloud Architecture / Engineering / DevOps Experience building Data or MLOps pipelines using Python, Spark, ADF, Databricks, ML Flow or other similar cloud native services. Experience with Cloud technical architecture – that is, the design and delivery of IT systems for a broad range of clients Possess a blend of advanced analytical capabilities and consulting expertise that will create value and insights for our clients As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $84,300 - $185,399 and information on benefits offered is here. Travel For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
78,78,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1e26a4e05aac2801&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries, we offer Strategy and Consulting, Interactive, Technology and Operations services—all powered by the world’s largest network of Advanced Technology and Intelligent Operations centers. Our 514,000 people deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity every day, serving clients in more than 120 countries. We embrace the power of change to create value and shared success for our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities. Visit us at www.accenture.com We are: Solutions.AI is Accenture's collection of AI solutions that are designed to unlock new efficiencies and growth, enable new ways of working, and facilitate game-changing innovation–3x faster than the typical product lifecycle. Built and delivered on the foundation of Accenture's unparalleled AI expertise, data services, IP and ecosystem partners, our scalable, modular solutions minimize time to market and maximize business impact. The next AI revolution will be built by people like you. Visit us here to find out more about Solutions.AI. You are: A data expert with serious analytical and statistical chops. You know how to take massive amounts of data and find the insights our clients need to help their companies do more. You have a deep understanding of applied behavioral insights from fields including behavioral science, psychology, and organizational development. You take a data-driven approach to designing experiments and analyzing data, with an excellent ability to communicate results to a diverse stakeholder group. The work: Develop custom models based on in-depth understanding of underlying data, data structures, and business problems to ensure analytics deliverables meet client needs Develop standard models, solutions and assets that can be used as accelerators for similar problems across clients Define and assess the behaviors required to enable the success of a client’s data strategy and enable the adoption of data analytics tools and solutions Define the challenges clients face in utilizing data and insights, while understanding and identifying explanations for the underlying patterns of behaviors that contribute and can be changed Apply human-centered design principles to understand challenges, designing and prototyping behavior change initiatives Lead the co-design and implementation of experiments focused on behavioral change, with the potential to scale and embed solutions and processes if successful Design and test new experiences which trigger behavioral change in the context of work Identify the emergence of new patterns of behavior within the organization over-time Use your judgment to craft solutions to complex problems or seek guidance as needed Report on your progress regularly in writing and face-to-face Stay up-to-date on new products that clients could use Work with peers and senior colleagues in Accenture and at client companies  Here’s what you need: Minimum 5 years demonstrated experience in the application of analytics, behavioral science, psychology, and organizational development in sophisticated and complex environments including the use of simulation and modeling tools Minimum 2 years experiences in identifying key business use cases and developing solutions/assets to drive quick pilot/implementation Minimum 3 years experience leading teams and performing data analytics and modeling with advanced languages like Python Bachelor's Degree (advanced degree preferred) or equivalent (minimum 12 years) work experience Bonus points if: You can technically lead data science projects You have client-facing experience and working with C-level executives You have experience with cloud platforms / services, big data tools, and deploying analytics as a service You have a graduate degree Important Information Travel For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts. Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture. As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $113,000 - $228,099 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
83,83,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=984e0442beff2597&fccid=93f480e9ca33a501&vjs=3,"The Marine Data Engineer analyzes time-series and unstructured data to help with data-driven decision-making powered by My Digital Fleet. This role uses knowledge of maritime data and applies analytics to solve real-world problems for our customers. The Data Engineer will work with customers and/or internal stakeholders to collect and understand data, perform wrangling, develop, and integrate applications. Job Duties/Roles Utilize your knowledge of modern data driven methods and domain understanding to support the creation of new products, services and insights using predictive models You have a demonstratable ability to write independent source code, validate and test for model quality improvement Are comfortable in machine learning, artificial intelligence, classification, regression, nlp, etc. Use your experience and are hands-on in Python, Database Systems (such as SQL) and Azure cloud tools to contribute towards solving data analytics problems You are ‘Database-Centric’ and perform data wrangling and processing from multiple databases (structured or un-structured data) with a keen eye for data quality all along You think in a ‘Pipeline-Centric’ manner and are comfortable with using DevOps Repo and can build, manage and optimize data pipelines and deploy these pipelines into production Collaborate with customers and internal stakeholders such as engineers, product managers, and data scientists to understand data needs, identify data quality issues and represent key data insights. You will design, build, and launch data models and visualizations that support multiple use cases across different products. Solve data integration problems, utilizing optimal ETL patterns, frameworks, query techniques, sourcing from structured and unstructured data sources. Optimize pipelines, dashboards, and frameworks to facilitate more efficient development of data artifacts. Utilize knowledge of data driven methods and maritime domain understanding to support the creation of new products, services and insights. Write independent source code, validate, and test for model quality improvement. You have exposure in developing and used tools like Python libraries and visualization Be able to think independently and work as part of a cross-functional team to achieve common goals Comfortable working independently on data modelling/engineering tasks and are eager to learn Stay current in the field of advanced analytics and take initiative to apply new technologies  Qualifications Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Required (KSAR) Experience analyzing maritime operational data. Experience in using Machine Learning, Ai and other data science technologies Strong and demonstrable experience with programming languages such as Python (used numpy, pandas, etc.) Strong knowledge of data architectures and systems – SQL and others for ETL purposes Strong knowledge of DevOps, in particular, using the Repo and pushing and pulling source code with versioning Ability to work with MS Azure cloud tools Intermediate C# and Power Shell scripting skills Good skills in using Web APIs and XML Experienced in using tools such as MS Power BI, Tableau or other visualization tools is a big plus Knowledge of object-oriented programming and building RestFul APIs for data science modelling is a plus Display an entrepreneurial mind set and think practical, ‘out of box’ solutions Ability to work efficiently and deliver timely in a fast-paced environment Minimum years of Experience Minimum 3-4 years of relevant experience in data analyst as a data engineer in the maritime domain Required/Preferred Education Requirements  BS degree required; MS preferred in Data Engineering, Data Science Computer Science, Naval Architecture or Marine Engineering. Required/Preferred Professional Requirements None Country Requirements None Reporting Relationships  Reports directly to the Chief Data Scientist Direct Reports  May have individual contributor direct reports. Disclaimer Clause This job description is not intended, and should not be construed, to be an all-inclusive list of responsibilities, skills, efforts or working conditions associated with the job of the incumbent. It is intended to be an accurate reflection of the principal job elements essential for making a fair decision regarding the pay structure of the job. Working Conditions Work is primarily sedentary; exerting up to 10 pounds of force occasionally and/or a negligible amount of force frequently or constantly to lift, carry, push, pull or otherwise move object FLSA Status  Exempt #L1-AHV The American Bureau of Shipping is committed to the equal employment opportunity of its employees and prohibits discrimination against any employee or qualified applicant on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity, age, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, citizenship status or veteran status, or other non-work-related characteristics that may be protected under the law of the Federal Government or specific state employment laws."
84,84,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=01d74adf8ce47fab&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries, we offer Strategy and Consulting, Interactive, Technology and Operations services—all powered by the world’s largest network of Advanced Technology and Intelligent Operations centers. Our 514,000 people deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity every day, serving clients in more than 120 countries. We embrace the power of change to create value and shared success for our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities. Visit us at www.accenture.com We are: Solutions.AI is Accenture's collection of AI solutions that are designed to unlock new efficiencies and growth, enable new ways of working, and facilitate game-changing innovation–3x faster than the typical product lifecycle. Built and delivered on the foundation of Accenture's unparalleled AI expertise, data services, IP and ecosystem partners, our scalable, modular solutions minimize time to market and maximize business impact. The next AI revolution will be built by people like you. Visit us here to find out more about Solutions.AI. You are: A data expert with serious analytical and statistical chops. As a Manager with Accenture you will lead and grow a business leveraging and growing a data science team working with diverse clients and industries. You know how to take massive amounts of data and find the insights our clients need to help their companies do more. You have a deep understanding of applied behavioral insights from fields including behavioral science, psychology, and organizational development. You take a data-driven approach to designing experiments and analyzing data, with an excellent ability to communicate results to a diverse stakeholder group. The work: Lead and grow a data science business across our North American market Develop custom models based on in-depth understanding of underlying data, data structures, and business problems to ensure analytics deliverables meet client needs Develop standard models, solutions and assets that can be used as accelerators for similar problems across clients Define and assess the behaviors required to enable the success of a client’s data strategy and enable the adoption of data analytics tools and solutions Define the challenges clients face in utilizing data and insights, while understanding and identifying explanations for the underlying patterns of behaviors that contribute and can be changed Apply human-centered design principles to understand challenges, designing and prototyping behavior change initiatives Lead the co-design and implementation of experiments focused on behavioral change, with the potential to scale and embed solutions and processes if successful Design and test new experiences which trigger behavioral change in the context of work Identify the emergence of new patterns of behavior within the organization over-time Use your judgment to craft solutions to complex problems or seek guidance as needed Report on your progress regularly in writing and face-to-face Stay up to date on new products that clients could use Work with peers and senior colleagues in Accenture and at client companies  Here’s what you need: At least 7 years of demonstrated experience in the application of analytics, behavioral science, psychology, and organizational development in sophisticated and complex environments including the use of simulation and modeling tools At least 7 years of experiences in identifying key business use cases and developing solutions/assets to drive quick pilot/implementation At least 5 years of leading teams and performing data analytics and modeling with advanced languages like Python Bachelor's Degree (advanced degree preferred) or equivalent (minimum 12 years) work experience Bonus points if: You can technically lead data science projects You have client-facing experience and working with C-level executives You have experience with cloud platforms / services, big data tools, and deploying analytics as a service You have a graduate degree Important Information Travel For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts. Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture. As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $141,000 - $228,099 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
85,85,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=48f132d5b72b9c6f&fccid=1b866506aec22461&vjs=3,"The Data Science & AI group in Personal System Software is responsible for delivering a broad range of software capabilities, including generating actionable insights from business data, increasing operational efficiency with automation, and building breakthrough experiences for HP products and services. We have an exciting opportunity for a Machine Learning Engineer to collaborate with our Software Engineers and product teams to solve difficult technical problems and develop new machine learning capabilities that will impact upcoming HP products. If you have deep technical skills, are intensely curious, and like to attack the hardest and the most challenging problems, want to make a difference in the lives of others, and want to work in a highly supportive environment, then we invite you to apply to join our team. In this highly visible role, you will: Work in all phases of building, deploying, and evaluating machine learning applications Lay the foundation for new products and services by developing new technical solutions to difficult problems. Work in a cross-functional team environment. Communicate your results internally within Personal System software. Some of our areas of interest include: (1) Segmentation, Recommendation systems, including content customization and customer engagement improvement (2) Predictive Analytics, including failure prediction, time-series forecasting, anomaly detection, and root cause analysis (3) Natural Language Processing, including sentiment analysis, text summarization, and conversational interfaces (4) MLOps, along with integration with software development lifecycles and continuous integration/continuous delivery Responsibilities: Mines data using modern tools and programming languages. Defines and implements models to uncover patterns and predictions creating business value and innovation. Works with the business to understand the business domain perspective. Effectively tells stories with the data using visualization tools/methods to demonstrate insight impact and business value. Assures accuracy, integrity, and compliance of cleansed data. Maintains proficiency within the data science domain by keeping up with technology and trend shifts. Leads a project team of data science professionals, assuring insights are communicated regularly and effectively, reviewing designs, models, accuracy and data compliance. Collaborates and communicates with the project team regarding project progress and issue resolution. Represents the data science team for all phases of larger and more-complex development projects. Provides guidance, training, and mentoring to less experienced staff members. Knowledge & Skills : Extensive experience using statistics, mathematics, algorithms, and programming languages. Possess a background in linear algebra, statistics, or multivariate calculus. Strong understanding of classical ML techniques and time-series forecasting. Understands data management principles along with model evaluation and training techniques for neural networks. Proficient in Python, Spark and one or more programming languages such as Golang, Java, or Scala In-depth knowledge of clustering, segmentation techniques and cluster-based recommendation Experience in building, deploying, and evaluating machine learning applications Enjoys working in a geographically distributed environment Ability to create models to pull valuable insights from data. Create stories and visualizations to describe and communicate data insights. Ability to use creativity to spot trends and tease out patterns in large datasets. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Excellent written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and local language. Experience in one or more deep learning frameworks such as Tensorflow/Keras, or PyTorch. History of contributions to open source projects such as projects hosted on GitHub, SourceForge, or OSDN is a plus Prior participation in data science competitions such as Kaggle, DrivenData, or CodaLab is a plus Scope & Impact : Collaborates with peers, junior engineers, data scientists, and project team. Typically interacts with high-level Individual Contributors, Managers, and Program Teams. Leads a project requiring data engineering solutions development. Education & Experience : Master's or PhD degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Economics, Physics, or equivalent. Typically 6+ years’ experience. About HP   You’re out to reimagine and reinvent what’s possible—in your career as well as the world around you.  So are we. We love taking on tough challenges, disrupting the status quo, and creating what’s next. We’re in search of talented people who are inspired by big challenges, driven to learn and grow, and dedicated to making a meaningful difference.   HP is a technology company that operates in more than 170 countries around the world united in creating technology that makes life better for everyone, everywhere.   Our history: HP’s commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion – it's just who we are.  From the boardroom to factory floor, we create a culture where everyone is respected and where people can be themselves, while being a part of something bigger than themselves. We celebrate the notion that you can belong at HP and bring your authentic self to work each and every day. When you do that, you’re more innovative and that helps grow our bottom line. Come to HP and thrive!"
86,86,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=54f2f0ce18e1de91&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"We are a leading partner to the world’s major cloud providers. The formation of Accenture Cloud First, with a $3 billion investment over three years, demonstrates our commitment to deliver greater value to our clients when they need it most. Our Cloud First multi-service group of more than 70,000 cloud professionals delivers a full stack of integrated cloud capabilities like data, edge, integrated infrastructure and applications, deep ecosystem skills, culture of change along with pre-configured industry solutions to shape, move, build and operate our clients’ businesses in the cloud. We combine world-class learning and talent development expertise; deep experience in cloud change management; and cloud-ready operating models with a commitment to responsible business by design — with security, data privacy, responsible use of artificial intelligence, sustainability and ethics and compliance built into the fundamental changes Accenture helps companies achieve.  Are you ready to step up to the New and take your technology expertise to the next level Accenture is looking for passionate and customer obsessed AWS cloud full stack developers to join our AWS Practice. You will help drive innovation, build differentiated solutions, and define new customer experiences for our customers (and customers, customers). You’ll work with smart people across our industry specialist organizations, and technology groups to help our customers get the most out of AWS in their cloud journey.  The AWS Practice within is home to our deepest AWS experts and supports Accenture’s more than 1,500 certified AWS architects across the company. Join our team and be among Accenture’s most talented AWS practitioners, our AWS SWAT team. The group is responsible for Accenture’s most complex AWS projects and provides our delivery capability for the Accenture AWS Business Group (AABG). AABG is the deepest relationship Amazon Web Services has with any partner in the ecosystem. Choosing Accenture and the AWS Practice will take your AWS experience and skills to the next level and allow you to work in an innovative and collaborative environment. At Accenture, you can lead the world’s largest enterprises on the path to native cloud transformation and serverless, on the leading edge of cloud.  Join Accenture and help transform leading organizations and communities around the world. The sheer scale of our capabilities and client engagements and the way we collaborate, operate and deliver value provides an unparalleled opportunity to grow and advance. Choose Accenture and make delivering innovative work part of your extraordinary career.  Learn more about our AWS careers here: AWS cloud careers page  You are: A motivated, inquisitive developer. You enjoy using your development skills to deliver innovative solutions that help our clients improve the services they provide. Driven by curiosity, you explore how new technologies can be applied to solve challenging business problems. You thrive in a collaborative, creative and productive team environment where ideas are freely exchanged, and innovative concepts evolve into practical solutions.  The work: Design and Implement AWS architectures and environments Design Native Cloud Application Architectures or optimize applications for AWS Collaborating within a project team to solve complex problems  What you need: Minimum of 10+ years of experience in ability to relate and connect complex business issues and articulate solution using curated and/or raw data Minimum of 10+ years of experience with Data warehousing methodologies and modelling techniquesMinimum of 3 years of - In-depth understanding of the Snowflake architecture, and differentiation. Need to have the understanding and the know how in using features such as Zero Copy Clone, Time Travel, User defined functions, etcMinimum of 3 years of experience in Managing security in Snowflake. This includes creation of custom Roles to control access to Data, Databases, Warehouses etcMinimum of 3 years of experience in designing Compute Clusters (Warehouse) in SnowflakeMinimum of 2 years of experience in Snowpipe for handling Streaming dataMinimum of 5 years of experience in Migration, methods to cloud data solutionsMinimum of 2 years of experience in handling semi-structured data (JSON, XML) using the VARIANT attribute in SnowflakeMinimum of 2 years of experience in Re-clustering of the data in Snowflake with good understanding on how Micro-Partition works inside SnowflakeMinimum of 5 years of experience in creating master data datasets. Experience with a MDM tool is preferredMinimum of 8 years of experience in working with Batch and Stream dataExpert in SQLMinimum of 5 years of hands-on experience in Cloud technologies such as o AWS - S3, Glacier, EC2, Lambda, SQS, Redshift o Azure - Blob Storage, Cool Blob Storage, Virtual Machine, Functions, SQL Datawarehouse o GCP - Cloud Storage, Coldline Cloud Storage, Compute Engine, Cloud Functions, Big Query Minimum of 5 years of experience with ELT concepts with design experience of architecting data flows into a Massively Parallel Processing (MPP) Analytical DatastoresMinimum of 5 years of experience with ETL tools such as Informatica, Talend, MatillionExperience in Hadoop, Hive, HBASE, Spark is a plus  As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $99,900 - $207,399 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
89,89,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=32b05dc6f7a4408e&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"We are: Applied Intelligence, the people who love using data to tell a story. We’re also the world’s largest team of data scientists, data engineers, and experts in machine learning and AI. A great day for us? Solving big problems using the latest tech, serious brain power, and deep knowledge of just about every industry. We believe a mix of data, analytics, automation, and responsible AI can do almost anything—spark digital metamorphoses, widen the range of what humans can do, and breathe life into smart products and services. Want to join our crew of sharp analytical minds? Visit us here to find out more about Applied Intelligence. You Are: An expert Cloud data /ML engineer with an eye for AI. You want to change how the world works and lives by taking AI out of the lab and into everyday life.  The Work: Bring your deep expertise in cloud architecture / DevOps/MLOPs to analyze and recommend enterprise-grade solutions for operationalizing AI / ML analytics Develop end-to-end (Data/Dev/ML)Ops pipelines based on in-depth understanding of cloud platforms, AI lifecycle, and business problems to ensure analytics solutions are delivered efficiently, predictably, and sustainably. Prototype and demonstrate solutions for clients in customer environments. Use your judgment to craft solutions to complex problems or seek guidance as needed Develop assets, accelerators, and thought capital for your practice Stay current on new products that clients could use Be a trusted advisor to your Accenture colleagues and to your clients  Here’s What You Need: Bachelors degree or 12 years equivalent experience Minimum 2 years of software engineering experience while working in an AI / ML context alongside Data Scientists or ML Engineers Minimum 1 year of design and implementation (building, containerizing and deploying end to end automated data and ML pipelines) of cloud solutions on AWS, Azure, or GCP. Minimum 1 year of experience with Docker, Kubernetes clusters and implementing CI/CD or DevOps / MLOps solutions Bonus Points If: Certifications Preferred: Certification from any of the three major cloud platforms (AWS / Azure / GCP) in Cloud Architecture / Engineering / DevOps Experience building Data or MLOps pipelines using Python, Spark, ADF, Databricks, ML Flow or other similar cloud native services. Experience with Cloud technical architecture – that is, the design and delivery of IT systems for a broad range of clients Possess a blend of advanced analytical capabilities and consulting expertise that will create value and insights for our clients As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $84,300 - $185,399 and information on benefits offered is here. Travel For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
90,90,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1e26a4e05aac2801&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries, we offer Strategy and Consulting, Interactive, Technology and Operations services—all powered by the world’s largest network of Advanced Technology and Intelligent Operations centers. Our 514,000 people deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity every day, serving clients in more than 120 countries. We embrace the power of change to create value and shared success for our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities. Visit us at www.accenture.com We are: Solutions.AI is Accenture's collection of AI solutions that are designed to unlock new efficiencies and growth, enable new ways of working, and facilitate game-changing innovation–3x faster than the typical product lifecycle. Built and delivered on the foundation of Accenture's unparalleled AI expertise, data services, IP and ecosystem partners, our scalable, modular solutions minimize time to market and maximize business impact. The next AI revolution will be built by people like you. Visit us here to find out more about Solutions.AI. You are: A data expert with serious analytical and statistical chops. You know how to take massive amounts of data and find the insights our clients need to help their companies do more. You have a deep understanding of applied behavioral insights from fields including behavioral science, psychology, and organizational development. You take a data-driven approach to designing experiments and analyzing data, with an excellent ability to communicate results to a diverse stakeholder group. The work: Develop custom models based on in-depth understanding of underlying data, data structures, and business problems to ensure analytics deliverables meet client needs Develop standard models, solutions and assets that can be used as accelerators for similar problems across clients Define and assess the behaviors required to enable the success of a client’s data strategy and enable the adoption of data analytics tools and solutions Define the challenges clients face in utilizing data and insights, while understanding and identifying explanations for the underlying patterns of behaviors that contribute and can be changed Apply human-centered design principles to understand challenges, designing and prototyping behavior change initiatives Lead the co-design and implementation of experiments focused on behavioral change, with the potential to scale and embed solutions and processes if successful Design and test new experiences which trigger behavioral change in the context of work Identify the emergence of new patterns of behavior within the organization over-time Use your judgment to craft solutions to complex problems or seek guidance as needed Report on your progress regularly in writing and face-to-face Stay up-to-date on new products that clients could use Work with peers and senior colleagues in Accenture and at client companies  Here’s what you need: Minimum 5 years demonstrated experience in the application of analytics, behavioral science, psychology, and organizational development in sophisticated and complex environments including the use of simulation and modeling tools Minimum 2 years experiences in identifying key business use cases and developing solutions/assets to drive quick pilot/implementation Minimum 3 years experience leading teams and performing data analytics and modeling with advanced languages like Python Bachelor's Degree (advanced degree preferred) or equivalent (minimum 12 years) work experience Bonus points if: You can technically lead data science projects You have client-facing experience and working with C-level executives You have experience with cloud platforms / services, big data tools, and deploying analytics as a service You have a graduate degree Important Information Travel For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts. Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture. As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $113,000 - $228,099 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
96,96,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=21f3d4d8f475f2dd&fccid=640102364ce22fda&vjs=3,"Ayata is developing its Prescriptive Analytics® software by integrating the latest Artificial Intelligence (AI) and related technologies. We are looking for people with multi-disciplinary skills, especially in software design and artificial intelligence, who can write solid clean code and who are excited about applying those skills to build industrial strength software. You will be part of a multi-disciplinary team working to design, develop and implement our unique software. Your contributions will directly impact the success of the company. Job Responsibilities and Duties Ayata is looking for AI Scientist who will develop AI techniques for business applications in various industries and build cloud-based AI software for predictive analytics business solutions. Responsibilities: AI technique development, providing methodology, strategy, ideas, architect, and solutions for real-word, industrial-scale and mission-critical business operations Build and integrate AI technique components into a full-functioning AI business software Interact with business clients, understand business requirements, propose AI software solutions to meet the business requirements, deliver and present AI software to clients Understand the data set used for the modeling, prepare and preprocess data sets, train and test models and perform model feature engineering Document data dictionary, data understanding, modeling strategy and approaches, and build company’s knowledge base of data and models Communicate effectively with team members, management, and clients Requirements Ph.D. degree in computer science, or mathematics/statistics/physics or engineering 1-5 years of experience in machine learning/AI technology and software development Natural Language Processing (NLP) Information retrieval and information extraction Digital Image Processing experience including OpenCV, OCR experience to convert images to text Excellent hands-on code development skills in Python Proven ability as a quick learner Additional Qualifications Expertise in ETL is a plus (Spark, Hadoop, SQL) in big data environments Front-end software development experience is a plus The candidate must be able to work out of the Houston Texas office Relocation reimbursement is available for the right candidate You must have a PHD to be considered for this position. Benefits Compensation package (base salary + performance bonus + stock options) commensurate with experience. Industry (tech/software industry) standard benefits package - medical, dental, vision, 401(k) plan, work-from-home (if applicable), flexible holidays, and more."
97,97,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=984e0442beff2597&fccid=93f480e9ca33a501&vjs=3,"The Marine Data Engineer analyzes time-series and unstructured data to help with data-driven decision-making powered by My Digital Fleet. This role uses knowledge of maritime data and applies analytics to solve real-world problems for our customers. The Data Engineer will work with customers and/or internal stakeholders to collect and understand data, perform wrangling, develop, and integrate applications. Job Duties/Roles Utilize your knowledge of modern data driven methods and domain understanding to support the creation of new products, services and insights using predictive models You have a demonstratable ability to write independent source code, validate and test for model quality improvement Are comfortable in machine learning, artificial intelligence, classification, regression, nlp, etc. Use your experience and are hands-on in Python, Database Systems (such as SQL) and Azure cloud tools to contribute towards solving data analytics problems You are ‘Database-Centric’ and perform data wrangling and processing from multiple databases (structured or un-structured data) with a keen eye for data quality all along You think in a ‘Pipeline-Centric’ manner and are comfortable with using DevOps Repo and can build, manage and optimize data pipelines and deploy these pipelines into production Collaborate with customers and internal stakeholders such as engineers, product managers, and data scientists to understand data needs, identify data quality issues and represent key data insights. You will design, build, and launch data models and visualizations that support multiple use cases across different products. Solve data integration problems, utilizing optimal ETL patterns, frameworks, query techniques, sourcing from structured and unstructured data sources. Optimize pipelines, dashboards, and frameworks to facilitate more efficient development of data artifacts. Utilize knowledge of data driven methods and maritime domain understanding to support the creation of new products, services and insights. Write independent source code, validate, and test for model quality improvement. You have exposure in developing and used tools like Python libraries and visualization Be able to think independently and work as part of a cross-functional team to achieve common goals Comfortable working independently on data modelling/engineering tasks and are eager to learn Stay current in the field of advanced analytics and take initiative to apply new technologies  Qualifications Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Required (KSAR) Experience analyzing maritime operational data. Experience in using Machine Learning, Ai and other data science technologies Strong and demonstrable experience with programming languages such as Python (used numpy, pandas, etc.) Strong knowledge of data architectures and systems – SQL and others for ETL purposes Strong knowledge of DevOps, in particular, using the Repo and pushing and pulling source code with versioning Ability to work with MS Azure cloud tools Intermediate C# and Power Shell scripting skills Good skills in using Web APIs and XML Experienced in using tools such as MS Power BI, Tableau or other visualization tools is a big plus Knowledge of object-oriented programming and building RestFul APIs for data science modelling is a plus Display an entrepreneurial mind set and think practical, ‘out of box’ solutions Ability to work efficiently and deliver timely in a fast-paced environment Minimum years of Experience Minimum 3-4 years of relevant experience in data analyst as a data engineer in the maritime domain Required/Preferred Education Requirements  BS degree required; MS preferred in Data Engineering, Data Science Computer Science, Naval Architecture or Marine Engineering. Required/Preferred Professional Requirements None Country Requirements None Reporting Relationships  Reports directly to the Chief Data Scientist Direct Reports  May have individual contributor direct reports. Disclaimer Clause This job description is not intended, and should not be construed, to be an all-inclusive list of responsibilities, skills, efforts or working conditions associated with the job of the incumbent. It is intended to be an accurate reflection of the principal job elements essential for making a fair decision regarding the pay structure of the job. Working Conditions Work is primarily sedentary; exerting up to 10 pounds of force occasionally and/or a negligible amount of force frequently or constantly to lift, carry, push, pull or otherwise move object FLSA Status  Exempt #L1-AHV The American Bureau of Shipping is committed to the equal employment opportunity of its employees and prohibits discrimination against any employee or qualified applicant on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity, age, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, citizenship status or veteran status, or other non-work-related characteristics that may be protected under the law of the Federal Government or specific state employment laws."
98,98,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=01d74adf8ce47fab&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries, we offer Strategy and Consulting, Interactive, Technology and Operations services—all powered by the world’s largest network of Advanced Technology and Intelligent Operations centers. Our 514,000 people deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity every day, serving clients in more than 120 countries. We embrace the power of change to create value and shared success for our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities. Visit us at www.accenture.com We are: Solutions.AI is Accenture's collection of AI solutions that are designed to unlock new efficiencies and growth, enable new ways of working, and facilitate game-changing innovation–3x faster than the typical product lifecycle. Built and delivered on the foundation of Accenture's unparalleled AI expertise, data services, IP and ecosystem partners, our scalable, modular solutions minimize time to market and maximize business impact. The next AI revolution will be built by people like you. Visit us here to find out more about Solutions.AI. You are: A data expert with serious analytical and statistical chops. As a Manager with Accenture you will lead and grow a business leveraging and growing a data science team working with diverse clients and industries. You know how to take massive amounts of data and find the insights our clients need to help their companies do more. You have a deep understanding of applied behavioral insights from fields including behavioral science, psychology, and organizational development. You take a data-driven approach to designing experiments and analyzing data, with an excellent ability to communicate results to a diverse stakeholder group. The work: Lead and grow a data science business across our North American market Develop custom models based on in-depth understanding of underlying data, data structures, and business problems to ensure analytics deliverables meet client needs Develop standard models, solutions and assets that can be used as accelerators for similar problems across clients Define and assess the behaviors required to enable the success of a client’s data strategy and enable the adoption of data analytics tools and solutions Define the challenges clients face in utilizing data and insights, while understanding and identifying explanations for the underlying patterns of behaviors that contribute and can be changed Apply human-centered design principles to understand challenges, designing and prototyping behavior change initiatives Lead the co-design and implementation of experiments focused on behavioral change, with the potential to scale and embed solutions and processes if successful Design and test new experiences which trigger behavioral change in the context of work Identify the emergence of new patterns of behavior within the organization over-time Use your judgment to craft solutions to complex problems or seek guidance as needed Report on your progress regularly in writing and face-to-face Stay up to date on new products that clients could use Work with peers and senior colleagues in Accenture and at client companies  Here’s what you need: At least 7 years of demonstrated experience in the application of analytics, behavioral science, psychology, and organizational development in sophisticated and complex environments including the use of simulation and modeling tools At least 7 years of experiences in identifying key business use cases and developing solutions/assets to drive quick pilot/implementation At least 5 years of leading teams and performing data analytics and modeling with advanced languages like Python Bachelor's Degree (advanced degree preferred) or equivalent (minimum 12 years) work experience Bonus points if: You can technically lead data science projects You have client-facing experience and working with C-level executives You have experience with cloud platforms / services, big data tools, and deploying analytics as a service You have a graduate degree Important Information Travel For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts. Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture. As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $141,000 - $228,099 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
99,99,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=48f132d5b72b9c6f&fccid=1b866506aec22461&vjs=3,"The Data Science & AI group in Personal System Software is responsible for delivering a broad range of software capabilities, including generating actionable insights from business data, increasing operational efficiency with automation, and building breakthrough experiences for HP products and services. We have an exciting opportunity for a Machine Learning Engineer to collaborate with our Software Engineers and product teams to solve difficult technical problems and develop new machine learning capabilities that will impact upcoming HP products. If you have deep technical skills, are intensely curious, and like to attack the hardest and the most challenging problems, want to make a difference in the lives of others, and want to work in a highly supportive environment, then we invite you to apply to join our team. In this highly visible role, you will: Work in all phases of building, deploying, and evaluating machine learning applications Lay the foundation for new products and services by developing new technical solutions to difficult problems. Work in a cross-functional team environment. Communicate your results internally within Personal System software. Some of our areas of interest include: (1) Segmentation, Recommendation systems, including content customization and customer engagement improvement (2) Predictive Analytics, including failure prediction, time-series forecasting, anomaly detection, and root cause analysis (3) Natural Language Processing, including sentiment analysis, text summarization, and conversational interfaces (4) MLOps, along with integration with software development lifecycles and continuous integration/continuous delivery Responsibilities: Mines data using modern tools and programming languages. Defines and implements models to uncover patterns and predictions creating business value and innovation. Works with the business to understand the business domain perspective. Effectively tells stories with the data using visualization tools/methods to demonstrate insight impact and business value. Assures accuracy, integrity, and compliance of cleansed data. Maintains proficiency within the data science domain by keeping up with technology and trend shifts. Leads a project team of data science professionals, assuring insights are communicated regularly and effectively, reviewing designs, models, accuracy and data compliance. Collaborates and communicates with the project team regarding project progress and issue resolution. Represents the data science team for all phases of larger and more-complex development projects. Provides guidance, training, and mentoring to less experienced staff members. Knowledge & Skills : Extensive experience using statistics, mathematics, algorithms, and programming languages. Possess a background in linear algebra, statistics, or multivariate calculus. Strong understanding of classical ML techniques and time-series forecasting. Understands data management principles along with model evaluation and training techniques for neural networks. Proficient in Python, Spark and one or more programming languages such as Golang, Java, or Scala In-depth knowledge of clustering, segmentation techniques and cluster-based recommendation Experience in building, deploying, and evaluating machine learning applications Enjoys working in a geographically distributed environment Ability to create models to pull valuable insights from data. Create stories and visualizations to describe and communicate data insights. Ability to use creativity to spot trends and tease out patterns in large datasets. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Excellent written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and local language. Experience in one or more deep learning frameworks such as Tensorflow/Keras, or PyTorch. History of contributions to open source projects such as projects hosted on GitHub, SourceForge, or OSDN is a plus Prior participation in data science competitions such as Kaggle, DrivenData, or CodaLab is a plus Scope & Impact : Collaborates with peers, junior engineers, data scientists, and project team. Typically interacts with high-level Individual Contributors, Managers, and Program Teams. Leads a project requiring data engineering solutions development. Education & Experience : Master's or PhD degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Economics, Physics, or equivalent. Typically 6+ years’ experience. About HP   You’re out to reimagine and reinvent what’s possible—in your career as well as the world around you.  So are we. We love taking on tough challenges, disrupting the status quo, and creating what’s next. We’re in search of talented people who are inspired by big challenges, driven to learn and grow, and dedicated to making a meaningful difference.   HP is a technology company that operates in more than 170 countries around the world united in creating technology that makes life better for everyone, everywhere.   Our history: HP’s commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion – it's just who we are.  From the boardroom to factory floor, we create a culture where everyone is respected and where people can be themselves, while being a part of something bigger than themselves. We celebrate the notion that you can belong at HP and bring your authentic self to work each and every day. When you do that, you’re more innovative and that helps grow our bottom line. Come to HP and thrive!"
100,100,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=54f2f0ce18e1de91&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"We are a leading partner to the world’s major cloud providers. The formation of Accenture Cloud First, with a $3 billion investment over three years, demonstrates our commitment to deliver greater value to our clients when they need it most. Our Cloud First multi-service group of more than 70,000 cloud professionals delivers a full stack of integrated cloud capabilities like data, edge, integrated infrastructure and applications, deep ecosystem skills, culture of change along with pre-configured industry solutions to shape, move, build and operate our clients’ businesses in the cloud. We combine world-class learning and talent development expertise; deep experience in cloud change management; and cloud-ready operating models with a commitment to responsible business by design — with security, data privacy, responsible use of artificial intelligence, sustainability and ethics and compliance built into the fundamental changes Accenture helps companies achieve.  Are you ready to step up to the New and take your technology expertise to the next level Accenture is looking for passionate and customer obsessed AWS cloud full stack developers to join our AWS Practice. You will help drive innovation, build differentiated solutions, and define new customer experiences for our customers (and customers, customers). You’ll work with smart people across our industry specialist organizations, and technology groups to help our customers get the most out of AWS in their cloud journey.  The AWS Practice within is home to our deepest AWS experts and supports Accenture’s more than 1,500 certified AWS architects across the company. Join our team and be among Accenture’s most talented AWS practitioners, our AWS SWAT team. The group is responsible for Accenture’s most complex AWS projects and provides our delivery capability for the Accenture AWS Business Group (AABG). AABG is the deepest relationship Amazon Web Services has with any partner in the ecosystem. Choosing Accenture and the AWS Practice will take your AWS experience and skills to the next level and allow you to work in an innovative and collaborative environment. At Accenture, you can lead the world’s largest enterprises on the path to native cloud transformation and serverless, on the leading edge of cloud.  Join Accenture and help transform leading organizations and communities around the world. The sheer scale of our capabilities and client engagements and the way we collaborate, operate and deliver value provides an unparalleled opportunity to grow and advance. Choose Accenture and make delivering innovative work part of your extraordinary career.  Learn more about our AWS careers here: AWS cloud careers page  You are: A motivated, inquisitive developer. You enjoy using your development skills to deliver innovative solutions that help our clients improve the services they provide. Driven by curiosity, you explore how new technologies can be applied to solve challenging business problems. You thrive in a collaborative, creative and productive team environment where ideas are freely exchanged, and innovative concepts evolve into practical solutions.  The work: Design and Implement AWS architectures and environments Design Native Cloud Application Architectures or optimize applications for AWS Collaborating within a project team to solve complex problems  What you need: Minimum of 10+ years of experience in ability to relate and connect complex business issues and articulate solution using curated and/or raw data Minimum of 10+ years of experience with Data warehousing methodologies and modelling techniquesMinimum of 3 years of - In-depth understanding of the Snowflake architecture, and differentiation. Need to have the understanding and the know how in using features such as Zero Copy Clone, Time Travel, User defined functions, etcMinimum of 3 years of experience in Managing security in Snowflake. This includes creation of custom Roles to control access to Data, Databases, Warehouses etcMinimum of 3 years of experience in designing Compute Clusters (Warehouse) in SnowflakeMinimum of 2 years of experience in Snowpipe for handling Streaming dataMinimum of 5 years of experience in Migration, methods to cloud data solutionsMinimum of 2 years of experience in handling semi-structured data (JSON, XML) using the VARIANT attribute in SnowflakeMinimum of 2 years of experience in Re-clustering of the data in Snowflake with good understanding on how Micro-Partition works inside SnowflakeMinimum of 5 years of experience in creating master data datasets. Experience with a MDM tool is preferredMinimum of 8 years of experience in working with Batch and Stream dataExpert in SQLMinimum of 5 years of hands-on experience in Cloud technologies such as o AWS - S3, Glacier, EC2, Lambda, SQS, Redshift o Azure - Blob Storage, Cool Blob Storage, Virtual Machine, Functions, SQL Datawarehouse o GCP - Cloud Storage, Coldline Cloud Storage, Compute Engine, Cloud Functions, Big Query Minimum of 5 years of experience with ELT concepts with design experience of architecting data flows into a Massively Parallel Processing (MPP) Analytical DatastoresMinimum of 5 years of experience with ETL tools such as Informatica, Talend, MatillionExperience in Hadoop, Hive, HBASE, Spark is a plus  As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $99,900 - $207,399 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
102,102,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=e6ded9a0d2634e9d&fccid=a7c45263be5bd036&vjs=3,"Company Description Wood Mackenzie is the global leader in data, analysis and consulting across the energy, chemicals, metals, mining, power and renewables sectors. Founded in 1973, our success has always been underpinned by the simple principle of providing trusted research and advice that makes a difference to our customers. Today we have over 2,000 customers ranging from the largest global energy companies and financial institutions to governments as well as smaller market specialists. Our teams are located around the world. This enables us to stay closely connected with customers and the markets and sectors we cover. Collectively this allows us to offer a compelling combination of global commodity analysis with detailed local market knowledge. We are committed to supporting our people to grow and thrive. We value different perspectives and aspire to create an inclusive environment that encourages diversity and fosters a sense of belonging. We are committed to creating a workplace that works for you and encourage everyone to get involved in our Wellness, Diversity and Inclusion, and Community Engagement initiatives. We actively support flexible working and are happy to consider alternative work patterns, taking into account your needs and the needs of the team or division that you are looking to join. Hear what our team has to say about working with us: https://www.woodmac.com/careers/our-people/ We are proud to be a part of the Verisk family of companies! At the heart of what we do is help clients manage risk. Verisk (Nasdaq: VRSK) provides data and insights to our customers in insurance, energy and the financial services markets so they can make faster and more informed decisions. Our global team uses AI, machine learning, automation, and other emerging technologies to collect and analyze billions of records. We provide advanced decision-support to prevent credit, lending, and cyber risks. In addition, we monitor and advise companies on complex global matters such as climate change, catastrophes, and geopolitical issues. But why we do our work is what sets us apart. It stems from a commitment to making the world better, safer and stronger. It’s the reason Verisk is part of the UN Global Compact sustainability initiative. It’s why we made a commitment to balancing 100 percent of our carbon emissions. It’s the aim of our “returnship” program for experienced professionals rejoining the workforce after time away. And, it’s what drives our annual Innovation Day, where we identify our next first-to-market innovations to solve our customers’ problems. At its core, Verisk uses data to minimize risk and maximize value. But far bigger, is why we do what we do. At Verisk you can build an exciting career with meaningful work; create positive and lasting impact on business; and find the support, coaching, and training you need to advance your career. We have received the Great Place to Work® Certification for the fifth consecutive year. We’ve been recognized by Forbes as a World’s Best Employer and a Best Employer for Women, testaments to our culture of engagement and the value we place on an inclusive and diverse workforce. Verisk’s Statement on Racial Equity and Diversity supports our commitment to these values and affecting positive and lasting change in the communities where we live and work.  Job Description Do you have a passion for data? Are you a problem-solver with an ability to quickly understand complex processes? Do you continually seek and find meaningful patterns in data? Then this role could be for you. We are looking for a Data Scientist - someone with a data focus, mathematical mindset, and collaborative project experience. This role will be key to delivering advanced analytics projects within both new and existing business workflows, working alongside expert data professionals and business unit SMEs to deliver new insight and analytics to our clients. The candidate should be able to commute to one of our offices in Either Edinburgh or London. About the role This role will form part of the Innovation and Analytics Lab and will work closely with a variety of other functions and teams throughout Wood Mackenzie. The successful candidate will spend the majority of their time performing data exploration / visualization and developing machine learning models. The success of this role will require collaborative development & problem solving. Our team has consciously developed a supportive and inclusive culture, guided by five principles: Fixate on Business Outcome Sustain an Innovation Mindset Cultivate Constructive Discord Encourage Curiosity and a Growth Mindset Maintain Collaborative Habits Key Unique Selling Points we work on a wide variety of interesting and challenging problems in various domains we believe in supporting personal development, and allocate time during work hours for it we work on projects that are expected to have a quantifiable meaningful impact on the business Key Responsibilities Develop and / or use various algorithms to build predictive models within a variety of business domains. Collaborate with business units to understand their problems and goals, specify hypotheses, and identify appropriate modeling approaches / statistical tests. Collaboratively perform analyses of structured and unstructured data to solve multiple complex business problems using advanced statistical techniques and mathematical analyses. Use strong knowledge in algorithms and predictive models to investigate problems, detect patterns, and recommend solutions. Use strong programming & data engineering skills to explore, examine, prepare, and interpret large volumes of data in various forms. Design, prototype, and productize data sets that are used for advanced analytics. Read and ingest academic-oriented literature, and collaborate with subject matter experts to build better predictive models.  Qualifications About you and how you can excel in this role The person that fills this role must be a self-starter who is energized by a challenge, passionate about using analytics to extract strategic value from data, and thrives on innovation. Knowledge and Experience Required Data Science / Machine Learning stack: Languages / packages: Python, SQL, pandas, NumPy, scikit-learn, PyTorch / TensorFlow / Keras, Plotly / Matplotlib, Jupyter Algorithms: Classification, Regression, Clustering, Neural Networks, Time Series, Ensemble Models, Feature Selection & Extraction, Mathematical Optimization Visualization: Spotfire / Power BI / Tableau / similar Version control: Git We are looking for someone with: advanced degree in statistics, computer science, applied mathematics, or a related field strong knowledge of advanced applied data science: mathematical, computational, statistical modeling techniques, neural networks, data analysis and visualization professional experience as a data scientist or machine learning engineer professional experience working with big data and relational databases extensive experience with data manipulation, analysis, and visualization hands-on modeling experience building machine learning models familiarity with collaborative development using agile-like methodology Nice-to-have: cluster computing with Apache Spark orchestration tools such as Apache Airflow non-relational databases such as MongoDB, Apache Cassandra, etc. network graph analysis & graph databases such as Neo4j DEVOPS – CI/CD cloud computing environments – AWS / GCP / Azure / etc. Additional Information Verisk Analytics is an equal opportunity employer. All members of the Verisk Analytics family of companies are equal opportunity employers. We consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender identity and/or expression, sexual orientation, veteran's status, age or disability. http://www.verisk.com/careers.html Unsolicited resumes sent to Verisk, including unsolicited resumes sent to a Verisk business mailing address, fax machine or email address, or directly to Verisk employees, will be considered Verisk property. Verisk will NOT pay a fee for any placement resulting from the receipt of an unsolicited resume. Consumer Privacy Notice"
103,103,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5dfe258eebb1163b&fccid=fa31cae1b96370de&vjs=3,"Come join the Engineering team at Geospace Technologies. We are expanding our product lines to include areas outside of oil and gas. While we will still focus on the oil and gas industry, we would like to build a team of engineers to work in R&D on our new products. If you would like to be on the ground floor of new product development, come join us and allow your creativity as well as your IoT skills shine. Master's degree in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science with an emphasis on data science, machine learning, signal processing, or a related field with a minimum 3 years’ experience. Able to demonstrate solid data science knowledge and experience in a related Machine Learning role. Looking for someone proficient in Machine Learning Algorithms and their practical application. Advanced proficiency in feature engineering from digital signals using statistical and analytical methods Ability to build predictive models using scikit-learn and TensorFlow Capable of using Python, C, and C++ to prototype and implement ML models Experience with Verilog or VHDL Experience with predictive maintenance problems preferred"
104,104,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=21f3d4d8f475f2dd&fccid=640102364ce22fda&vjs=3,"Ayata is developing its Prescriptive Analytics® software by integrating the latest Artificial Intelligence (AI) and related technologies. We are looking for people with multi-disciplinary skills, especially in software design and artificial intelligence, who can write solid clean code and who are excited about applying those skills to build industrial strength software. You will be part of a multi-disciplinary team working to design, develop and implement our unique software. Your contributions will directly impact the success of the company. Job Responsibilities and Duties Ayata is looking for AI Scientist who will develop AI techniques for business applications in various industries and build cloud-based AI software for predictive analytics business solutions. Responsibilities: AI technique development, providing methodology, strategy, ideas, architect, and solutions for real-word, industrial-scale and mission-critical business operations Build and integrate AI technique components into a full-functioning AI business software Interact with business clients, understand business requirements, propose AI software solutions to meet the business requirements, deliver and present AI software to clients Understand the data set used for the modeling, prepare and preprocess data sets, train and test models and perform model feature engineering Document data dictionary, data understanding, modeling strategy and approaches, and build company’s knowledge base of data and models Communicate effectively with team members, management, and clients Requirements Ph.D. degree in computer science, or mathematics/statistics/physics or engineering 1-5 years of experience in machine learning/AI technology and software development Natural Language Processing (NLP) Information retrieval and information extraction Digital Image Processing experience including OpenCV, OCR experience to convert images to text Excellent hands-on code development skills in Python Proven ability as a quick learner Additional Qualifications Expertise in ETL is a plus (Spark, Hadoop, SQL) in big data environments Front-end software development experience is a plus The candidate must be able to work out of the Houston Texas office Relocation reimbursement is available for the right candidate You must have a PHD to be considered for this position. Benefits Compensation package (base salary + performance bonus + stock options) commensurate with experience. Industry (tech/software industry) standard benefits package - medical, dental, vision, 401(k) plan, work-from-home (if applicable), flexible holidays, and more."
108,108,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=32b05dc6f7a4408e&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"We are: Applied Intelligence, the people who love using data to tell a story. We’re also the world’s largest team of data scientists, data engineers, and experts in machine learning and AI. A great day for us? Solving big problems using the latest tech, serious brain power, and deep knowledge of just about every industry. We believe a mix of data, analytics, automation, and responsible AI can do almost anything—spark digital metamorphoses, widen the range of what humans can do, and breathe life into smart products and services. Want to join our crew of sharp analytical minds? Visit us here to find out more about Applied Intelligence. You Are: An expert Cloud data /ML engineer with an eye for AI. You want to change how the world works and lives by taking AI out of the lab and into everyday life.  The Work: Bring your deep expertise in cloud architecture / DevOps/MLOPs to analyze and recommend enterprise-grade solutions for operationalizing AI / ML analytics Develop end-to-end (Data/Dev/ML)Ops pipelines based on in-depth understanding of cloud platforms, AI lifecycle, and business problems to ensure analytics solutions are delivered efficiently, predictably, and sustainably. Prototype and demonstrate solutions for clients in customer environments. Use your judgment to craft solutions to complex problems or seek guidance as needed Develop assets, accelerators, and thought capital for your practice Stay current on new products that clients could use Be a trusted advisor to your Accenture colleagues and to your clients  Here’s What You Need: Bachelors degree or 12 years equivalent experience Minimum 2 years of software engineering experience while working in an AI / ML context alongside Data Scientists or ML Engineers Minimum 1 year of design and implementation (building, containerizing and deploying end to end automated data and ML pipelines) of cloud solutions on AWS, Azure, or GCP. Minimum 1 year of experience with Docker, Kubernetes clusters and implementing CI/CD or DevOps / MLOps solutions Bonus Points If: Certifications Preferred: Certification from any of the three major cloud platforms (AWS / Azure / GCP) in Cloud Architecture / Engineering / DevOps Experience building Data or MLOps pipelines using Python, Spark, ADF, Databricks, ML Flow or other similar cloud native services. Experience with Cloud technical architecture – that is, the design and delivery of IT systems for a broad range of clients Possess a blend of advanced analytical capabilities and consulting expertise that will create value and insights for our clients As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $84,300 - $185,399 and information on benefits offered is here. Travel For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
114,114,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=21f3d4d8f475f2dd&fccid=640102364ce22fda&vjs=3,"Ayata is developing its Prescriptive Analytics® software by integrating the latest Artificial Intelligence (AI) and related technologies. We are looking for people with multi-disciplinary skills, especially in software design and artificial intelligence, who can write solid clean code and who are excited about applying those skills to build industrial strength software. You will be part of a multi-disciplinary team working to design, develop and implement our unique software. Your contributions will directly impact the success of the company. Job Responsibilities and Duties Ayata is looking for AI Scientist who will develop AI techniques for business applications in various industries and build cloud-based AI software for predictive analytics business solutions. Responsibilities: AI technique development, providing methodology, strategy, ideas, architect, and solutions for real-word, industrial-scale and mission-critical business operations Build and integrate AI technique components into a full-functioning AI business software Interact with business clients, understand business requirements, propose AI software solutions to meet the business requirements, deliver and present AI software to clients Understand the data set used for the modeling, prepare and preprocess data sets, train and test models and perform model feature engineering Document data dictionary, data understanding, modeling strategy and approaches, and build company’s knowledge base of data and models Communicate effectively with team members, management, and clients Requirements Ph.D. degree in computer science, or mathematics/statistics/physics or engineering 1-5 years of experience in machine learning/AI technology and software development Natural Language Processing (NLP) Information retrieval and information extraction Digital Image Processing experience including OpenCV, OCR experience to convert images to text Excellent hands-on code development skills in Python Proven ability as a quick learner Additional Qualifications Expertise in ETL is a plus (Spark, Hadoop, SQL) in big data environments Front-end software development experience is a plus The candidate must be able to work out of the Houston Texas office Relocation reimbursement is available for the right candidate You must have a PHD to be considered for this position. Benefits Compensation package (base salary + performance bonus + stock options) commensurate with experience. Industry (tech/software industry) standard benefits package - medical, dental, vision, 401(k) plan, work-from-home (if applicable), flexible holidays, and more."
115,115,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=54f2f0ce18e1de91&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"We are a leading partner to the world’s major cloud providers. The formation of Accenture Cloud First, with a $3 billion investment over three years, demonstrates our commitment to deliver greater value to our clients when they need it most. Our Cloud First multi-service group of more than 70,000 cloud professionals delivers a full stack of integrated cloud capabilities like data, edge, integrated infrastructure and applications, deep ecosystem skills, culture of change along with pre-configured industry solutions to shape, move, build and operate our clients’ businesses in the cloud. We combine world-class learning and talent development expertise; deep experience in cloud change management; and cloud-ready operating models with a commitment to responsible business by design — with security, data privacy, responsible use of artificial intelligence, sustainability and ethics and compliance built into the fundamental changes Accenture helps companies achieve.  Are you ready to step up to the New and take your technology expertise to the next level Accenture is looking for passionate and customer obsessed AWS cloud full stack developers to join our AWS Practice. You will help drive innovation, build differentiated solutions, and define new customer experiences for our customers (and customers, customers). You’ll work with smart people across our industry specialist organizations, and technology groups to help our customers get the most out of AWS in their cloud journey.  The AWS Practice within is home to our deepest AWS experts and supports Accenture’s more than 1,500 certified AWS architects across the company. Join our team and be among Accenture’s most talented AWS practitioners, our AWS SWAT team. The group is responsible for Accenture’s most complex AWS projects and provides our delivery capability for the Accenture AWS Business Group (AABG). AABG is the deepest relationship Amazon Web Services has with any partner in the ecosystem. Choosing Accenture and the AWS Practice will take your AWS experience and skills to the next level and allow you to work in an innovative and collaborative environment. At Accenture, you can lead the world’s largest enterprises on the path to native cloud transformation and serverless, on the leading edge of cloud.  Join Accenture and help transform leading organizations and communities around the world. The sheer scale of our capabilities and client engagements and the way we collaborate, operate and deliver value provides an unparalleled opportunity to grow and advance. Choose Accenture and make delivering innovative work part of your extraordinary career.  Learn more about our AWS careers here: AWS cloud careers page  You are: A motivated, inquisitive developer. You enjoy using your development skills to deliver innovative solutions that help our clients improve the services they provide. Driven by curiosity, you explore how new technologies can be applied to solve challenging business problems. You thrive in a collaborative, creative and productive team environment where ideas are freely exchanged, and innovative concepts evolve into practical solutions.  The work: Design and Implement AWS architectures and environments Design Native Cloud Application Architectures or optimize applications for AWS Collaborating within a project team to solve complex problems  What you need: Minimum of 10+ years of experience in ability to relate and connect complex business issues and articulate solution using curated and/or raw data Minimum of 10+ years of experience with Data warehousing methodologies and modelling techniquesMinimum of 3 years of - In-depth understanding of the Snowflake architecture, and differentiation. Need to have the understanding and the know how in using features such as Zero Copy Clone, Time Travel, User defined functions, etcMinimum of 3 years of experience in Managing security in Snowflake. This includes creation of custom Roles to control access to Data, Databases, Warehouses etcMinimum of 3 years of experience in designing Compute Clusters (Warehouse) in SnowflakeMinimum of 2 years of experience in Snowpipe for handling Streaming dataMinimum of 5 years of experience in Migration, methods to cloud data solutionsMinimum of 2 years of experience in handling semi-structured data (JSON, XML) using the VARIANT attribute in SnowflakeMinimum of 2 years of experience in Re-clustering of the data in Snowflake with good understanding on how Micro-Partition works inside SnowflakeMinimum of 5 years of experience in creating master data datasets. Experience with a MDM tool is preferredMinimum of 8 years of experience in working with Batch and Stream dataExpert in SQLMinimum of 5 years of hands-on experience in Cloud technologies such as o AWS - S3, Glacier, EC2, Lambda, SQS, Redshift o Azure - Blob Storage, Cool Blob Storage, Virtual Machine, Functions, SQL Datawarehouse o GCP - Cloud Storage, Coldline Cloud Storage, Compute Engine, Cloud Functions, Big Query Minimum of 5 years of experience with ELT concepts with design experience of architecting data flows into a Massively Parallel Processing (MPP) Analytical DatastoresMinimum of 5 years of experience with ETL tools such as Informatica, Talend, MatillionExperience in Hadoop, Hive, HBASE, Spark is a plus  As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $99,900 - $207,399 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
116,116,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=6183d667a41ca6bd&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"Who We Are A leading partner to the world’s major cloud providers, including AWS, Azure, and Google. The formation of Accenture Cloud First, with a $3 billion investment over three years, demonstrates our commitment to deliver greater value to our clients when they need it most and offers huge growth opportunities for you! Our Cloud First group of more than 70,000 cloud professionals delivers a full stack of integrated cloud capabilities across data, edge, integrated infrastructure and applications, deep ecosystem skills, culture of change along with a deep industry expertise to shape, move, build and operate our clients’ businesses in the cloud. To accelerate our customers transformation leveraging cloud, we combine world-class learning and talent development expertise; deep experience in cloud change management; and cloud-ready operating models with a commitment to responsible business by design — with security, data privacy, responsible use of artificial intelligence, sustainability and ethics and compliance built into the fundamental changes Accenture helps companies achieve. We are excited about the opportunities in the Cloud – and hope you are too! Learn more about our AWS careers here: AWS cloud careers page The Work Design cloud architectures to migrate on-prem data warehouses/marts to AWSConduct full technical discovery, identifying pain points, business, and technical requirements, “as is” and “to be” scenariosDevelop and prioritize use cases as it relates to Clients’ data migration Journey to AWSProvide prescriptive guidance across network, storage, Big Data, serverless architectures, Hadoop ecosystem, vendor products, RDBMS & NoSQL databases, and securityManage small teams of delivery engineers successfully delivering work efforts  What you need Certification as an active AWS cloud Solution Architect.At least 5 years of designing, building and operationalizing large-scale enterprise data solutions using one or more third-party resources such as Pyspark, Talend, Matellion, Informatica or native utilities as EC2, S3, DMS, Kinesis, Kafka Redshift, RDS, Aurora, Lambda, Spark, Glue etc.Minimum 5 years of experience with databases as Teradata, Snowflake, Oracle, Netezza etc.Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience, or an Associate degree with a minimum of 6 years of equivalent work experience. Bonus points if you have Implementing DevOps on AWS platformExperience in data governance fields as lineage, quality, catalog etc.Multi-cloud experience For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. Please note: All Accenture business travel is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. The safety and well-being of our people continues to be our top priority, and Accenture’s decisions around business travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts. As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $99,900 - $207,399 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
118,118,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=e5659f319ac11b95&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"We are a leading partner to the world’s major cloud providers. The formation of Accenture Cloud First, with a $3 billion investment over three years, demonstrates our commitment to deliver greater value to our clients when they need it most. Our Cloud First multi-service group of more than 70,000 cloud professionals delivers a full stack of integrated cloud capabilities like data, edge, integrated infrastructure and applications, deep ecosystem skills, culture of change along with pre-configured industry solutions to shape, move, build and operate our clients’ businesses in the cloud. We combine world-class learning and talent development expertise; deep experience in cloud change management; and cloud-ready operating models with a commitment to responsible business by design — with security, data privacy, responsible use of artificial intelligence, sustainability and ethics and compliance built into the fundamental changes Accenture helps companies achieve.  Are you ready to step up to the New and take your technology expertise to the next level Accenture is looking for passionate and customer obsessed AWS cloud full stack developers to join our AWS Practice. You will help drive innovation, build differentiated solutions, and define new customer experiences for our customers (and customers, customers). You’ll work with smart people across our industry specialist organizations, and technology groups to help our customers get the most out of AWS in their cloud journey.  The AWS Practice within is home to our deepest AWS experts and supports Accenture’s more than 1,500 certified AWS architects across the company. Join our team and be among Accenture’s most talented AWS practitioners, our AWS SWAT team. The group is responsible for Accenture’s most complex AWS projects and provides our delivery capability for the Accenture AWS Business Group (AABG). AABG is the deepest relationship Amazon Web Services has with any partner in the ecosystem. Choosing Accenture and the AWS Practice will take your AWS experience and skills to the next level and allow you to work in an innovative and collaborative environment. At Accenture, you can lead the world’s largest enterprises on the path to native cloud transformation and serverless, on the leading edge of cloud.  Join Accenture and help transform leading organizations and communities around the world. The sheer scale of our capabilities and client engagements and the way we collaborate, operate and deliver value provides an unparalleled opportunity to grow and advance. Choose Accenture and make delivering innovative work part of your extraordinary career.  Learn more about our AWS careers here: AWS cloud careers page  You are: A motivated, inquisitive developer. You enjoy using your development skills to deliver innovative solutions that help our clients improve the services they provide. Driven by curiosity, you explore how new technologies can be applied to solve challenging business problems. You thrive in a collaborative, creative and productive team environment where ideas are freely exchanged, and innovative concepts evolve into practical solutions.  The work: Design and Implement AWS architectures and environments Design Native Cloud Application Architectures or optimize applications for AWS Collaborating within a project team to solve complex problems  Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts.  Basic Qualifications - At least 3- 5 years of Consulting or client service delivery experience on Amazon AWS (AWS) - At least 3- 5 years of experience in developing data ingestion, data processing and analytical pipelines for big data, relational databases, NoSQL and data warehouse solutions Extensive experience providing practical direction within the AWS Native and HadoopExperience with private and public cloud architectures, pros/cons, and migration considerations.Minimum of 5 years of hands-on experience in AWS and Big Data technologies such as Java, Node.js, C##, Python, SQL, EC2, S3, Lambda, Spark/SparkSQL, Hive/MR, Pig, Oozie and streaming technologies such as Kafka, Kinesis, NiFI etc.3-5+ years of hands on experience in programming languages such as Java, c#, node.js, python, pyspark, spark, SQL, Unix shell/Perl scripting etc.Experience working with DevOps tools such as GitLabs, Jenkins, CodeBuild, CoePipeline CodeDeploy, etc.Bachelors or higher degree in Computer Science or a related discipline. Must have at least one AWS Certification § Certified AWS Developer - Associate § Certified AWS DevOps – Professional § Certified AWS Big Data Specialty  Nice-to-Have Skills/Qualifications: DevOps on an AWS platform. Multi-cloud experience a plus.Experience developing and deploying ETL solutions on AWS using tools like Talend, Informatica, MatillionStrong in Java, C##, Spark, PySpark, Unix shell/Perl scriptingIoT, event-driven, microservices, containers/Kubernetes in the cloud  As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $43,200 - $114,499 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
121,121,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=32b05dc6f7a4408e&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"We are: Applied Intelligence, the people who love using data to tell a story. We’re also the world’s largest team of data scientists, data engineers, and experts in machine learning and AI. A great day for us? Solving big problems using the latest tech, serious brain power, and deep knowledge of just about every industry. We believe a mix of data, analytics, automation, and responsible AI can do almost anything—spark digital metamorphoses, widen the range of what humans can do, and breathe life into smart products and services. Want to join our crew of sharp analytical minds? Visit us here to find out more about Applied Intelligence. You Are: An expert Cloud data /ML engineer with an eye for AI. You want to change how the world works and lives by taking AI out of the lab and into everyday life.  The Work: Bring your deep expertise in cloud architecture / DevOps/MLOPs to analyze and recommend enterprise-grade solutions for operationalizing AI / ML analytics Develop end-to-end (Data/Dev/ML)Ops pipelines based on in-depth understanding of cloud platforms, AI lifecycle, and business problems to ensure analytics solutions are delivered efficiently, predictably, and sustainably. Prototype and demonstrate solutions for clients in customer environments. Use your judgment to craft solutions to complex problems or seek guidance as needed Develop assets, accelerators, and thought capital for your practice Stay current on new products that clients could use Be a trusted advisor to your Accenture colleagues and to your clients  Here’s What You Need: Bachelors degree or 12 years equivalent experience Minimum 2 years of software engineering experience while working in an AI / ML context alongside Data Scientists or ML Engineers Minimum 1 year of design and implementation (building, containerizing and deploying end to end automated data and ML pipelines) of cloud solutions on AWS, Azure, or GCP. Minimum 1 year of experience with Docker, Kubernetes clusters and implementing CI/CD or DevOps / MLOps solutions Bonus Points If: Certifications Preferred: Certification from any of the three major cloud platforms (AWS / Azure / GCP) in Cloud Architecture / Engineering / DevOps Experience building Data or MLOps pipelines using Python, Spark, ADF, Databricks, ML Flow or other similar cloud native services. Experience with Cloud technical architecture – that is, the design and delivery of IT systems for a broad range of clients Possess a blend of advanced analytical capabilities and consulting expertise that will create value and insights for our clients As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $84,300 - $185,399 and information on benefits offered is here. Travel For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
127,127,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0Bw-rRrlDr6nrfscfj_vVoPM6Iu_8zo-cqs0II8k4Z4L09_w1iGTUNqHrVHx9MkiUWI_Cf-knNyKLU-Vkf5MVob_yIWK0-pkqZIkwSP8Epk7htH3u5L6QGrqETl-TJagth-h2F2R8nQWgXIZes_AR_5hb5ePaITTAtmtTmLG2Dc55XGEQWdFmtMa8MJPn0Pfn5IoMcc4mnpfpc9ldn-aw_p8p5eFdSq0sc7C6LaYnl18JHy1S_0dNuvJnR_gmnuQTqzNaUzHwMTO7AZfrrxwksNcY44vnbkkqAj-v4221WbaZg-mRFQ7VexZL9HVomgH9Eozxjt3I-brCS47Zs5JmLIQ3NcPYSUL5H0kwos-OMHQochtxhcyjku368QbQl5ndu1ZttwjFyL7yyfqeDg-fobLAUXyo6QPoh5yzT9tHIu1j_POTD8lz_6KT_blJ5uLNUvG7V9AcXZEsQjs5ToK9mAnJPiD2kObIMLxb2vX4EJTrhukf8xJTEzJK3qkrWuMpq35grPaJCh1Bcs656PpbfxKfMO0PhWBjk=&p=8&fvj=1&vjs=3,"Principal Statistician – Leading CRO – Homebased – UK & EuropeWe have recently partnered with an award winning CRO, who are looking for an experienced Principal Statistician to join their successful study delivery team.How you will be a successThe Principal Biostatistician will be accountable for the leadership of the Biostatistics and Programming activities of a program of studies of moderate complexity and/or of high value with high impact for the organization. Also responsible for planning, monitoring, organizing and reviewing activities of biostatisticians and programmers working on the assigned program of studies, ensuring individual studies and the overall program of studies and integrated analyses are delivered on time, on budget to required quality. Accountabilities also include maintenance of consistency across studies.Desirable ExperienceBiostatistical input into the design of the program, Protocol input such as study design, sample size calculations and patient randomization schemes and Statistical aspects of case report form designReview project database structures, edit checks and data management coding conventionsPreparation of statistical analysis plans including the definition of derived data, and the design of statistical tables, figures, and data listings for clinical summary reportsStatistical analysis, Interpretation of data and reporting of resultsWriting of the statistical methods sections of integrated study reports. Reviews draft integrated study reports.Supports responses to regulatory questions on the design of the program, and any labelling claims following submissionParticipates in presentations at client and investigator meetings.Preparation of biostatistics input to company research proposals and participates in proposal defense meetings and makes presentations at marketing meetings with prospective client.Key Qualifications and SkillsM.S. or Ph.D. degree in statistics, biostatistics, or related field.6+ years experience in statistics, biostatistics or related fieldProven experience must be in a CRO or Pharmaceutical environmentExcellent verbal and written communication skills are required.Knowledge in applied parametric and nonparametric statistics and SAS programming skills.Should be able to translate clients’ needs into statistical practice and educate clients in the use of statistics.In-depth knowledge of study designs, and statistical analysis conventions in one or more therapeutic areas.Knowledge of clinical trials methodology, regulatory requirements, statistics and statistical software packages, including SAS are a must.What you get in returnOngoing development is vital, and as a Principal Biostatistician you will have the opportunity to progress your career, with the potential to move into other related areas to enhance your skill set.In comparison with their competitor’s and pharmaceutical companies, they provide more flexible working platforms for coaching and educating newcomers to be highly respected professionals in our industry.They also provide successful candidates with an excellent employment package and benefits adapted to the current job market. The company like to look at themselves more like an extended family with consideration of staff as individuals allowing a work-life balance.Company culture: This is a company where their people set them apart. Diverse teams enable them to become a better partner to their customers and help to fulfil our mission to advance and improve patients’ lives.The company have an ‘Own It’ culture, driven by four key values that bring them together as individuals and set them apart as an organisation: Accountability & Delivery, Collaboration, Partnership and Integrity. It is key to be a CRO that delivers excellence to their clients and to patients at every touchpoint. In short, to be the partner of choice in drug development.What to do next: If this opportunity is of interest, please apply now with your CV as the organisation are looking to welcome the new Statistician onboard as soon as possible.Reference ID: AW00324Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $120,000.00 - $150,000.00 per yearBenefits:Flexible scheduleSchedule:Monday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payEducation:Master's (Preferred)Work Remotely:Yes"
128,128,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=21f3d4d8f475f2dd&fccid=640102364ce22fda&vjs=3,"Ayata is developing its Prescriptive Analytics® software by integrating the latest Artificial Intelligence (AI) and related technologies. We are looking for people with multi-disciplinary skills, especially in software design and artificial intelligence, who can write solid clean code and who are excited about applying those skills to build industrial strength software. You will be part of a multi-disciplinary team working to design, develop and implement our unique software. Your contributions will directly impact the success of the company. Job Responsibilities and Duties Ayata is looking for AI Scientist who will develop AI techniques for business applications in various industries and build cloud-based AI software for predictive analytics business solutions. Responsibilities: AI technique development, providing methodology, strategy, ideas, architect, and solutions for real-word, industrial-scale and mission-critical business operations Build and integrate AI technique components into a full-functioning AI business software Interact with business clients, understand business requirements, propose AI software solutions to meet the business requirements, deliver and present AI software to clients Understand the data set used for the modeling, prepare and preprocess data sets, train and test models and perform model feature engineering Document data dictionary, data understanding, modeling strategy and approaches, and build company’s knowledge base of data and models Communicate effectively with team members, management, and clients Requirements Ph.D. degree in computer science, or mathematics/statistics/physics or engineering 1-5 years of experience in machine learning/AI technology and software development Natural Language Processing (NLP) Information retrieval and information extraction Digital Image Processing experience including OpenCV, OCR experience to convert images to text Excellent hands-on code development skills in Python Proven ability as a quick learner Additional Qualifications Expertise in ETL is a plus (Spark, Hadoop, SQL) in big data environments Front-end software development experience is a plus The candidate must be able to work out of the Houston Texas office Relocation reimbursement is available for the right candidate You must have a PHD to be considered for this position. Benefits Compensation package (base salary + performance bonus + stock options) commensurate with experience. Industry (tech/software industry) standard benefits package - medical, dental, vision, 401(k) plan, work-from-home (if applicable), flexible holidays, and more."
129,129,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=54f2f0ce18e1de91&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"We are a leading partner to the world’s major cloud providers. The formation of Accenture Cloud First, with a $3 billion investment over three years, demonstrates our commitment to deliver greater value to our clients when they need it most. Our Cloud First multi-service group of more than 70,000 cloud professionals delivers a full stack of integrated cloud capabilities like data, edge, integrated infrastructure and applications, deep ecosystem skills, culture of change along with pre-configured industry solutions to shape, move, build and operate our clients’ businesses in the cloud. We combine world-class learning and talent development expertise; deep experience in cloud change management; and cloud-ready operating models with a commitment to responsible business by design — with security, data privacy, responsible use of artificial intelligence, sustainability and ethics and compliance built into the fundamental changes Accenture helps companies achieve.  Are you ready to step up to the New and take your technology expertise to the next level Accenture is looking for passionate and customer obsessed AWS cloud full stack developers to join our AWS Practice. You will help drive innovation, build differentiated solutions, and define new customer experiences for our customers (and customers, customers). You’ll work with smart people across our industry specialist organizations, and technology groups to help our customers get the most out of AWS in their cloud journey.  The AWS Practice within is home to our deepest AWS experts and supports Accenture’s more than 1,500 certified AWS architects across the company. Join our team and be among Accenture’s most talented AWS practitioners, our AWS SWAT team. The group is responsible for Accenture’s most complex AWS projects and provides our delivery capability for the Accenture AWS Business Group (AABG). AABG is the deepest relationship Amazon Web Services has with any partner in the ecosystem. Choosing Accenture and the AWS Practice will take your AWS experience and skills to the next level and allow you to work in an innovative and collaborative environment. At Accenture, you can lead the world’s largest enterprises on the path to native cloud transformation and serverless, on the leading edge of cloud.  Join Accenture and help transform leading organizations and communities around the world. The sheer scale of our capabilities and client engagements and the way we collaborate, operate and deliver value provides an unparalleled opportunity to grow and advance. Choose Accenture and make delivering innovative work part of your extraordinary career.  Learn more about our AWS careers here: AWS cloud careers page  You are: A motivated, inquisitive developer. You enjoy using your development skills to deliver innovative solutions that help our clients improve the services they provide. Driven by curiosity, you explore how new technologies can be applied to solve challenging business problems. You thrive in a collaborative, creative and productive team environment where ideas are freely exchanged, and innovative concepts evolve into practical solutions.  The work: Design and Implement AWS architectures and environments Design Native Cloud Application Architectures or optimize applications for AWS Collaborating within a project team to solve complex problems  What you need: Minimum of 10+ years of experience in ability to relate and connect complex business issues and articulate solution using curated and/or raw data Minimum of 10+ years of experience with Data warehousing methodologies and modelling techniquesMinimum of 3 years of - In-depth understanding of the Snowflake architecture, and differentiation. Need to have the understanding and the know how in using features such as Zero Copy Clone, Time Travel, User defined functions, etcMinimum of 3 years of experience in Managing security in Snowflake. This includes creation of custom Roles to control access to Data, Databases, Warehouses etcMinimum of 3 years of experience in designing Compute Clusters (Warehouse) in SnowflakeMinimum of 2 years of experience in Snowpipe for handling Streaming dataMinimum of 5 years of experience in Migration, methods to cloud data solutionsMinimum of 2 years of experience in handling semi-structured data (JSON, XML) using the VARIANT attribute in SnowflakeMinimum of 2 years of experience in Re-clustering of the data in Snowflake with good understanding on how Micro-Partition works inside SnowflakeMinimum of 5 years of experience in creating master data datasets. Experience with a MDM tool is preferredMinimum of 8 years of experience in working with Batch and Stream dataExpert in SQLMinimum of 5 years of hands-on experience in Cloud technologies such as o AWS - S3, Glacier, EC2, Lambda, SQS, Redshift o Azure - Blob Storage, Cool Blob Storage, Virtual Machine, Functions, SQL Datawarehouse o GCP - Cloud Storage, Coldline Cloud Storage, Compute Engine, Cloud Functions, Big Query Minimum of 5 years of experience with ELT concepts with design experience of architecting data flows into a Massively Parallel Processing (MPP) Analytical DatastoresMinimum of 5 years of experience with ETL tools such as Informatica, Talend, MatillionExperience in Hadoop, Hive, HBASE, Spark is a plus  As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $99,900 - $207,399 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
130,130,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=6183d667a41ca6bd&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"Who We Are A leading partner to the world’s major cloud providers, including AWS, Azure, and Google. The formation of Accenture Cloud First, with a $3 billion investment over three years, demonstrates our commitment to deliver greater value to our clients when they need it most and offers huge growth opportunities for you! Our Cloud First group of more than 70,000 cloud professionals delivers a full stack of integrated cloud capabilities across data, edge, integrated infrastructure and applications, deep ecosystem skills, culture of change along with a deep industry expertise to shape, move, build and operate our clients’ businesses in the cloud. To accelerate our customers transformation leveraging cloud, we combine world-class learning and talent development expertise; deep experience in cloud change management; and cloud-ready operating models with a commitment to responsible business by design — with security, data privacy, responsible use of artificial intelligence, sustainability and ethics and compliance built into the fundamental changes Accenture helps companies achieve. We are excited about the opportunities in the Cloud – and hope you are too! Learn more about our AWS careers here: AWS cloud careers page The Work Design cloud architectures to migrate on-prem data warehouses/marts to AWSConduct full technical discovery, identifying pain points, business, and technical requirements, “as is” and “to be” scenariosDevelop and prioritize use cases as it relates to Clients’ data migration Journey to AWSProvide prescriptive guidance across network, storage, Big Data, serverless architectures, Hadoop ecosystem, vendor products, RDBMS & NoSQL databases, and securityManage small teams of delivery engineers successfully delivering work efforts  What you need Certification as an active AWS cloud Solution Architect.At least 5 years of designing, building and operationalizing large-scale enterprise data solutions using one or more third-party resources such as Pyspark, Talend, Matellion, Informatica or native utilities as EC2, S3, DMS, Kinesis, Kafka Redshift, RDS, Aurora, Lambda, Spark, Glue etc.Minimum 5 years of experience with databases as Teradata, Snowflake, Oracle, Netezza etc.Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience, or an Associate degree with a minimum of 6 years of equivalent work experience. Bonus points if you have Implementing DevOps on AWS platformExperience in data governance fields as lineage, quality, catalog etc.Multi-cloud experience For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. Please note: All Accenture business travel is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. The safety and well-being of our people continues to be our top priority, and Accenture’s decisions around business travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts. As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $99,900 - $207,399 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
132,132,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=e5659f319ac11b95&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"We are a leading partner to the world’s major cloud providers. The formation of Accenture Cloud First, with a $3 billion investment over three years, demonstrates our commitment to deliver greater value to our clients when they need it most. Our Cloud First multi-service group of more than 70,000 cloud professionals delivers a full stack of integrated cloud capabilities like data, edge, integrated infrastructure and applications, deep ecosystem skills, culture of change along with pre-configured industry solutions to shape, move, build and operate our clients’ businesses in the cloud. We combine world-class learning and talent development expertise; deep experience in cloud change management; and cloud-ready operating models with a commitment to responsible business by design — with security, data privacy, responsible use of artificial intelligence, sustainability and ethics and compliance built into the fundamental changes Accenture helps companies achieve.  Are you ready to step up to the New and take your technology expertise to the next level Accenture is looking for passionate and customer obsessed AWS cloud full stack developers to join our AWS Practice. You will help drive innovation, build differentiated solutions, and define new customer experiences for our customers (and customers, customers). You’ll work with smart people across our industry specialist organizations, and technology groups to help our customers get the most out of AWS in their cloud journey.  The AWS Practice within is home to our deepest AWS experts and supports Accenture’s more than 1,500 certified AWS architects across the company. Join our team and be among Accenture’s most talented AWS practitioners, our AWS SWAT team. The group is responsible for Accenture’s most complex AWS projects and provides our delivery capability for the Accenture AWS Business Group (AABG). AABG is the deepest relationship Amazon Web Services has with any partner in the ecosystem. Choosing Accenture and the AWS Practice will take your AWS experience and skills to the next level and allow you to work in an innovative and collaborative environment. At Accenture, you can lead the world’s largest enterprises on the path to native cloud transformation and serverless, on the leading edge of cloud.  Join Accenture and help transform leading organizations and communities around the world. The sheer scale of our capabilities and client engagements and the way we collaborate, operate and deliver value provides an unparalleled opportunity to grow and advance. Choose Accenture and make delivering innovative work part of your extraordinary career.  Learn more about our AWS careers here: AWS cloud careers page  You are: A motivated, inquisitive developer. You enjoy using your development skills to deliver innovative solutions that help our clients improve the services they provide. Driven by curiosity, you explore how new technologies can be applied to solve challenging business problems. You thrive in a collaborative, creative and productive team environment where ideas are freely exchanged, and innovative concepts evolve into practical solutions.  The work: Design and Implement AWS architectures and environments Design Native Cloud Application Architectures or optimize applications for AWS Collaborating within a project team to solve complex problems  Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts.  Basic Qualifications - At least 3- 5 years of Consulting or client service delivery experience on Amazon AWS (AWS) - At least 3- 5 years of experience in developing data ingestion, data processing and analytical pipelines for big data, relational databases, NoSQL and data warehouse solutions Extensive experience providing practical direction within the AWS Native and HadoopExperience with private and public cloud architectures, pros/cons, and migration considerations.Minimum of 5 years of hands-on experience in AWS and Big Data technologies such as Java, Node.js, C##, Python, SQL, EC2, S3, Lambda, Spark/SparkSQL, Hive/MR, Pig, Oozie and streaming technologies such as Kafka, Kinesis, NiFI etc.3-5+ years of hands on experience in programming languages such as Java, c#, node.js, python, pyspark, spark, SQL, Unix shell/Perl scripting etc.Experience working with DevOps tools such as GitLabs, Jenkins, CodeBuild, CoePipeline CodeDeploy, etc.Bachelors or higher degree in Computer Science or a related discipline. Must have at least one AWS Certification § Certified AWS Developer - Associate § Certified AWS DevOps – Professional § Certified AWS Big Data Specialty  Nice-to-Have Skills/Qualifications: DevOps on an AWS platform. Multi-cloud experience a plus.Experience developing and deploying ETL solutions on AWS using tools like Talend, Informatica, MatillionStrong in Java, C##, Spark, PySpark, Unix shell/Perl scriptingIoT, event-driven, microservices, containers/Kubernetes in the cloud  As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $43,200 - $114,499 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
135,135,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=54f2f0ce18e1de91&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"We are a leading partner to the world’s major cloud providers. The formation of Accenture Cloud First, with a $3 billion investment over three years, demonstrates our commitment to deliver greater value to our clients when they need it most. Our Cloud First multi-service group of more than 70,000 cloud professionals delivers a full stack of integrated cloud capabilities like data, edge, integrated infrastructure and applications, deep ecosystem skills, culture of change along with pre-configured industry solutions to shape, move, build and operate our clients’ businesses in the cloud. We combine world-class learning and talent development expertise; deep experience in cloud change management; and cloud-ready operating models with a commitment to responsible business by design — with security, data privacy, responsible use of artificial intelligence, sustainability and ethics and compliance built into the fundamental changes Accenture helps companies achieve.  Are you ready to step up to the New and take your technology expertise to the next level Accenture is looking for passionate and customer obsessed AWS cloud full stack developers to join our AWS Practice. You will help drive innovation, build differentiated solutions, and define new customer experiences for our customers (and customers, customers). You’ll work with smart people across our industry specialist organizations, and technology groups to help our customers get the most out of AWS in their cloud journey.  The AWS Practice within is home to our deepest AWS experts and supports Accenture’s more than 1,500 certified AWS architects across the company. Join our team and be among Accenture’s most talented AWS practitioners, our AWS SWAT team. The group is responsible for Accenture’s most complex AWS projects and provides our delivery capability for the Accenture AWS Business Group (AABG). AABG is the deepest relationship Amazon Web Services has with any partner in the ecosystem. Choosing Accenture and the AWS Practice will take your AWS experience and skills to the next level and allow you to work in an innovative and collaborative environment. At Accenture, you can lead the world’s largest enterprises on the path to native cloud transformation and serverless, on the leading edge of cloud.  Join Accenture and help transform leading organizations and communities around the world. The sheer scale of our capabilities and client engagements and the way we collaborate, operate and deliver value provides an unparalleled opportunity to grow and advance. Choose Accenture and make delivering innovative work part of your extraordinary career.  Learn more about our AWS careers here: AWS cloud careers page  You are: A motivated, inquisitive developer. You enjoy using your development skills to deliver innovative solutions that help our clients improve the services they provide. Driven by curiosity, you explore how new technologies can be applied to solve challenging business problems. You thrive in a collaborative, creative and productive team environment where ideas are freely exchanged, and innovative concepts evolve into practical solutions.  The work: Design and Implement AWS architectures and environments Design Native Cloud Application Architectures or optimize applications for AWS Collaborating within a project team to solve complex problems  What you need: Minimum of 10+ years of experience in ability to relate and connect complex business issues and articulate solution using curated and/or raw data Minimum of 10+ years of experience with Data warehousing methodologies and modelling techniquesMinimum of 3 years of - In-depth understanding of the Snowflake architecture, and differentiation. Need to have the understanding and the know how in using features such as Zero Copy Clone, Time Travel, User defined functions, etcMinimum of 3 years of experience in Managing security in Snowflake. This includes creation of custom Roles to control access to Data, Databases, Warehouses etcMinimum of 3 years of experience in designing Compute Clusters (Warehouse) in SnowflakeMinimum of 2 years of experience in Snowpipe for handling Streaming dataMinimum of 5 years of experience in Migration, methods to cloud data solutionsMinimum of 2 years of experience in handling semi-structured data (JSON, XML) using the VARIANT attribute in SnowflakeMinimum of 2 years of experience in Re-clustering of the data in Snowflake with good understanding on how Micro-Partition works inside SnowflakeMinimum of 5 years of experience in creating master data datasets. Experience with a MDM tool is preferredMinimum of 8 years of experience in working with Batch and Stream dataExpert in SQLMinimum of 5 years of hands-on experience in Cloud technologies such as o AWS - S3, Glacier, EC2, Lambda, SQS, Redshift o Azure - Blob Storage, Cool Blob Storage, Virtual Machine, Functions, SQL Datawarehouse o GCP - Cloud Storage, Coldline Cloud Storage, Compute Engine, Cloud Functions, Big Query Minimum of 5 years of experience with ELT concepts with design experience of architecting data flows into a Massively Parallel Processing (MPP) Analytical DatastoresMinimum of 5 years of experience with ETL tools such as Informatica, Talend, MatillionExperience in Hadoop, Hive, HBASE, Spark is a plus  As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $99,900 - $207,399 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
136,136,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=387b6701af5a5065&fccid=053befe8409ab9e4&vjs=3,"Company: US6469 Sysco Payroll, Division of Sysco Resources Services, LLC Zip Code: 77077 Minimum Level of Education: Bachelor’s Degree Minimum Years of Experience: 3 Years Employment Type: Full Time Travel Percentage: 0 Job Summary: This role will be responsible for price management of $1-2B revenue product portfolio. This role will provide analytical thought leadership to develop pricing strategy recommendations, work cross-functionally to gather required inputs to support price setting decisions, and own performance analytics and insights to drive profitability improvements. This role will require ability to synthesize and communicate results, recommend a course of actions, as well as implement the solutions. Duties and Responsibilities: Perform weekly pricing review and determine recommended pricing overrides for managed product portfolio Identify pricing lever changes and analyze impacts to profitability, volume forecast, and customer basket Work with cross-functional team to collect inputs and design requirements to problem solve or develop pricing recommendations Conduct performance analytics and generate insights to identify improvement opportunities Ensure data integrity and configuration accuracy in pricing system Education Required: Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Economics, Statistics, engineering or another analytical field of study Experience Required: 3-5 years of analytical experience with knowledge in SQL Experience Preferred: Experience in price modeling and model configurations Experience with scientific scripting language (e.g. R), python and statistical methods Advanced SQL skills Technical Skills and Abilities: Expert in Microsoft Excel Python proficiency- being able to read, understand and develop models, and experience with experimental design a plus Demonstrates strong communications skills in describing complex analytics and models to non-technical audience Ability to take a business question or problem and develop structured data analytics to answer or solve problem with minimum instructions Able to perform quantitative analysis of large data sets using appropriate analytical tools while navigating multiple, complex data environments Possesses a strong general business acumen Demonstrates strong communication skills Ability to participate in multiple workstreams/projects in a fast-paced environment, adapting to shifting priorities and meeting deadlines Collaborative team player who can synthesize feedback and direction from multiple stakeholders Expert in Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint Candidates hired in positions eligible for Sysco Benefits who start work in the months of May and June 2021 may be eligible for medical and prescriptions drug plan coverage. Effective on their date of hire*. This special medical and presanction drug plan eligibility period supersedes the standard benefits information on below regarding Sysco’s benefits eligibility period. Standard eligibility rules (below) still apply to all other Sysco Benefits. *exclusions/exceptions may apply. Physical Demands: Reasonable accommodations will be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit, stand, walk and use hands and fingers to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, and telephone to talk and hear. Travel Requirements: 0% Work Environment: Corporate office BENEFITS INFORMATION: Candidates who start work in the months of May and June 2021 may be eligible for medical and prescription drug plan coverage effective on their date of hire*. Standard eligibility rules and timelines apply to all other Sysco benefits, including additional healthcare benefits options, retirement benefits, vacation, and paid sick leave. Please visit https://syscobenefits.com/careers to view additional benefits information. *Exceptions/exclusions may apply HOW WE PROTECT OUR ASSOCIATES COVID-19 Precaution(s): Personal protective equipment and masks provided Temperature screenings Social distancing guidelines in place Sanitizing, disinfecting, and cleaning procedures in place OVERVIEW: Sysco is the global leader in foodservice distribution. With over 57,000 associates and a fleet of over 13,000 vehicles, Sysco operates approximately 326 distribution facilities worldwide and serves more than 625,000 customer locations. We offer our associates the opportunity to grow personally and professionally, to contribute to the success of a dynamic organization, and to serve others in a manner that exceeds their expectations. We’re looking for talented, hard-working individuals to join our team. Come grow with us and let us show you why Sysco is at the heart of food and service. AFFIRMATIVE ACTION STATEMENT: Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer, and consider qualified applicants without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected factor under federal, state or local law. This opportunity is available through Sysco Corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliates."
137,137,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=21f3d4d8f475f2dd&fccid=640102364ce22fda&vjs=3,"Ayata is developing its Prescriptive Analytics® software by integrating the latest Artificial Intelligence (AI) and related technologies. We are looking for people with multi-disciplinary skills, especially in software design and artificial intelligence, who can write solid clean code and who are excited about applying those skills to build industrial strength software. You will be part of a multi-disciplinary team working to design, develop and implement our unique software. Your contributions will directly impact the success of the company. Job Responsibilities and Duties Ayata is looking for AI Scientist who will develop AI techniques for business applications in various industries and build cloud-based AI software for predictive analytics business solutions. Responsibilities: AI technique development, providing methodology, strategy, ideas, architect, and solutions for real-word, industrial-scale and mission-critical business operations Build and integrate AI technique components into a full-functioning AI business software Interact with business clients, understand business requirements, propose AI software solutions to meet the business requirements, deliver and present AI software to clients Understand the data set used for the modeling, prepare and preprocess data sets, train and test models and perform model feature engineering Document data dictionary, data understanding, modeling strategy and approaches, and build company’s knowledge base of data and models Communicate effectively with team members, management, and clients Requirements Ph.D. degree in computer science, or mathematics/statistics/physics or engineering 1-5 years of experience in machine learning/AI technology and software development Natural Language Processing (NLP) Information retrieval and information extraction Digital Image Processing experience including OpenCV, OCR experience to convert images to text Excellent hands-on code development skills in Python Proven ability as a quick learner Additional Qualifications Expertise in ETL is a plus (Spark, Hadoop, SQL) in big data environments Front-end software development experience is a plus The candidate must be able to work out of the Houston Texas office Relocation reimbursement is available for the right candidate You must have a PHD to be considered for this position. Benefits Compensation package (base salary + performance bonus + stock options) commensurate with experience. Industry (tech/software industry) standard benefits package - medical, dental, vision, 401(k) plan, work-from-home (if applicable), flexible holidays, and more."
138,138,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=984e0442beff2597&fccid=93f480e9ca33a501&vjs=3,"The Marine Data Engineer analyzes time-series and unstructured data to help with data-driven decision-making powered by My Digital Fleet. This role uses knowledge of maritime data and applies analytics to solve real-world problems for our customers. The Data Engineer will work with customers and/or internal stakeholders to collect and understand data, perform wrangling, develop, and integrate applications. Job Duties/Roles Utilize your knowledge of modern data driven methods and domain understanding to support the creation of new products, services and insights using predictive models You have a demonstratable ability to write independent source code, validate and test for model quality improvement Are comfortable in machine learning, artificial intelligence, classification, regression, nlp, etc. Use your experience and are hands-on in Python, Database Systems (such as SQL) and Azure cloud tools to contribute towards solving data analytics problems You are ‘Database-Centric’ and perform data wrangling and processing from multiple databases (structured or un-structured data) with a keen eye for data quality all along You think in a ‘Pipeline-Centric’ manner and are comfortable with using DevOps Repo and can build, manage and optimize data pipelines and deploy these pipelines into production Collaborate with customers and internal stakeholders such as engineers, product managers, and data scientists to understand data needs, identify data quality issues and represent key data insights. You will design, build, and launch data models and visualizations that support multiple use cases across different products. Solve data integration problems, utilizing optimal ETL patterns, frameworks, query techniques, sourcing from structured and unstructured data sources. Optimize pipelines, dashboards, and frameworks to facilitate more efficient development of data artifacts. Utilize knowledge of data driven methods and maritime domain understanding to support the creation of new products, services and insights. Write independent source code, validate, and test for model quality improvement. You have exposure in developing and used tools like Python libraries and visualization Be able to think independently and work as part of a cross-functional team to achieve common goals Comfortable working independently on data modelling/engineering tasks and are eager to learn Stay current in the field of advanced analytics and take initiative to apply new technologies  Qualifications Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Required (KSAR) Experience analyzing maritime operational data. Experience in using Machine Learning, Ai and other data science technologies Strong and demonstrable experience with programming languages such as Python (used numpy, pandas, etc.) Strong knowledge of data architectures and systems – SQL and others for ETL purposes Strong knowledge of DevOps, in particular, using the Repo and pushing and pulling source code with versioning Ability to work with MS Azure cloud tools Intermediate C# and Power Shell scripting skills Good skills in using Web APIs and XML Experienced in using tools such as MS Power BI, Tableau or other visualization tools is a big plus Knowledge of object-oriented programming and building RestFul APIs for data science modelling is a plus Display an entrepreneurial mind set and think practical, ‘out of box’ solutions Ability to work efficiently and deliver timely in a fast-paced environment Minimum years of Experience Minimum 3-4 years of relevant experience in data analyst as a data engineer in the maritime domain Required/Preferred Education Requirements  BS degree required; MS preferred in Data Engineering, Data Science Computer Science, Naval Architecture or Marine Engineering. Required/Preferred Professional Requirements None Country Requirements None Reporting Relationships  Reports directly to the Chief Data Scientist Direct Reports  May have individual contributor direct reports. Disclaimer Clause This job description is not intended, and should not be construed, to be an all-inclusive list of responsibilities, skills, efforts or working conditions associated with the job of the incumbent. It is intended to be an accurate reflection of the principal job elements essential for making a fair decision regarding the pay structure of the job. Working Conditions Work is primarily sedentary; exerting up to 10 pounds of force occasionally and/or a negligible amount of force frequently or constantly to lift, carry, push, pull or otherwise move object FLSA Status  Exempt #L1-AHV The American Bureau of Shipping is committed to the equal employment opportunity of its employees and prohibits discrimination against any employee or qualified applicant on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity, age, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, citizenship status or veteran status, or other non-work-related characteristics that may be protected under the law of the Federal Government or specific state employment laws."
139,139,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0Cpvzs5tJIVqEqRF8yfTI-iPRkBJxaGyrAkTDOJfeRZsASZYSqtJ_EFJJS6QpsiZrc6ZnRqUAcuhyMTqnO7Q4nmSmRTykGDpiQ8xEqPBKqL5xTSV1q-JbHrkD2uKQqWLQZuzuvuv1033NiNZ3XiO6PmAyOtUeFY24vrNmW5GFUKYejGcMWcQNXS5eBUbyXVsU_S6jrlSj7HSLl2vaQZp1mJaVSJu5AwOiYGPCtTjEbXeD39zuUbe6wdNkBKqMrAQZ7I3AcMOifMSjRpEEJ8gEgiQwCcRmXtK7c8nFbfAfGvEOGh_PVkz1Xe2w1H16DqscorwWrgFj01pjNgX-DNmtPYNIZA46cO-IqggS7alLQ6lxRdx1-DsCmwczGeSYLj-9RnWTDmGHOdFGD7gSNzYA6YaojNXjdyCcAQz_ecn-qRpWzpu9aNrv8YR95ziBLyTg6sy20KiTpQxdgD7VemE717Te0ksVtOp66f5p4yibiDFMokMm_VYgb_72iDxc3cCi5mT2EITQltOM0_UHqnClys&p=7&fvj=1&vjs=3,"The Market Analyst role offers a unique and dynamic position at the forefront of advancing the wholesale electricity markets. This role offers a diverse set of responsibilities and opportunities – to analyze existing problems, identify opportunities, and recommend market solutions to improve the overall design and operation of the electricity markets.Project assignments include leading multi-disciplinary teams on market design initiatives and as a team member contributing to larger projects. Diverse project assignments offer the Market Development Analyst many opportunities including:Working with industry subject matter experts, hone problem definitions and solution optionsPerforming data analysis and simulations to validate problems and proposalsPreparing detailed and summary reports; balancing competing issues and negotiating consensus among diverse stakeholder groupsDeveloping and delivering presentations to internal and external stakeholdersSupporting regulatory filings on market design initiativesHow You Will Make an ImpactCreate new and modify existing market designs to evolve the wholesale electricity markets in New England and improve market and operational performanceBuild conceptual framework based on theory and/or industry best practices and develop market-based designs that address identified market or operational needsDevelop mathematical and/or simulation models and prototypes and use production data to better define and understand problems and test proposed designsAssist business units and IT in their assessment of how to implement market designs and incorporate their input and constraints into the final market designPresent design proposals, analysis and governing document changes to external stakeholdersPrepare and defend written materials: white papers, position papers, memorandaPrepare presentation material to clearly present complex contentBuild support for market design initiatives through group discussions, coalition building and one-on-one negotiationsCoordinate changes to the market design and governing documentSupport the drafting of governing document (e.g., market rules and manuals) changes and assist with the preparation of regulatory filingsSupport regulatory approval of market design and governing document changes including providing testimony in support of proposed changesWhat We Are Looking ForBachelor or graduate degree in Engineering, Economics, Business/Finance/Management Science or other technical disciplineExperience in the electric power industry, the commodity trading and analysis industry, or related experience such as consultingKnowledge of power market design and operations and of the commercial and regulatory issues facing market participants in New England is desirableUnderstanding of the electricity markets and the role of the various market products in the wholesale marketplaceStrong project management, facilitation and negotiation skills, including demonstrated ability to lead projects and to achieve results leveraging cross-functional, matrixed resourcesStrong interpersonal skills including the ability to develop relationships and build coalitionsDemonstrated analytical capability with ability to perform data analysis and simulations using SAS or PL/SQL DeveloperDemonstrated written and oral communication skills and ability to present material to a diverse audienceDesired Not RequiredExperience using statistical, simulation models, and/or database software tools to extract, assemble, and interpret quantitative information, including PI System, Python, GAMS, MATLAB, R, R Studio and MATLAB; and file management tools including WinSCP, PuTTY, WinMerge, and UltraEditFamiliarity with the software systems and tools that RTOs use to operate the power system and administer the marketsJob Type: Full-timePay: Up to $130,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offRelocation assistanceRetirement planTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Understanding of the electricity markets: 5 years (Preferred)ability to perform data analysis and simulations: 5 years (Preferred)in the electric power industry: 5 years (Preferred)data analysis and simulations using SAS or PL/SQL Developer: 5 years (Preferred)Work Location:One location"
140,140,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9877f4dea0bf4279&fccid=105ecfd0283f415f&vjs=3,"Applications Consultant 2 - SAP Advanced Analytics Developer (AI/ML)052915  SAP Advanced Analytics Developer (AI/ML) 8+ years of overall experience and at least 3 years with various AI/ML concepts in SAP Technology is essential Must have hands-on experience in various analytics tools (both SAP and non SAP preferred such as - SAC Analytics Cloud, Tableau, Power BI etc.) and advanced analytics such as predictive analytics Solid knowledge of advanced statistical concepts is essential Experience in Python/SQL/R is essential Experience in working on SAP Cloud Platform/SAP Business Technology Platform is essential Must have experience working with SAP data Ability to mine data using state-of-the-art methods and present to the IT and business stakeholders in a meaningful way Experienced working closely with client technical leads, business leads, and business analysts to understand and document business and technical requirements and constraints Strong problem-solving skills with a Product development mindset is necessary Ability to work on multiple tasks/opportunities concurrently in an onshore-offshore model is required  Capgemini's SAP-Insights & Data CoE is focused on bringing excellence in our solution engineering, bringing innovative solutions, supporting the global go-to-market team, and help us keeping relevance within and in front of customer challenges. This global team works closely with internal and external partners, global service lines, and market units while bringing innovation and thought leadership. We are looking for smart, solution innovators for this team in North America, Mexico, Europe, and India. The group focuses on 5 key product lines - Data Modernization & Monetization, Platform Modernization & Cloud Computing, Enterprise & Strategic performance management, Analytics, and AI-Innovation. You will be providing excellence in solution development, offerings incubation, provide an edge in sales and partner alliance process, and establish commanding respect in the market while remaining the catalyst for innovation.  Candidates should be flexible / willing to work across this delivery landscape which includes and not limited to Agile Applications Development, Support and Deployment. Applicants for employment in the US must have valid work authorization that does not now and/or will not in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the US by Capgemini. Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law.  This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship.   Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant - http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equal-employment-opportunity-is-the-law About Capgemini  Capgemini is a global leader in consulting, digital transformation, technology and engineering services. The Group is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50-year+ heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. Today, it is a multicultural company of 270,000 team members in almost 50 countries. With Altran, the Group reported 2019 combined revenues of €17billion. Visit us at www.capgemini.com. People matter, results count.  Job Programmer/Analyst Schedule Full-time Primary Location US-TX-Houston Organization I&D"
142,142,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=01d74adf8ce47fab&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries, we offer Strategy and Consulting, Interactive, Technology and Operations services—all powered by the world’s largest network of Advanced Technology and Intelligent Operations centers. Our 514,000 people deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity every day, serving clients in more than 120 countries. We embrace the power of change to create value and shared success for our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities. Visit us at www.accenture.com We are: Solutions.AI is Accenture's collection of AI solutions that are designed to unlock new efficiencies and growth, enable new ways of working, and facilitate game-changing innovation–3x faster than the typical product lifecycle. Built and delivered on the foundation of Accenture's unparalleled AI expertise, data services, IP and ecosystem partners, our scalable, modular solutions minimize time to market and maximize business impact. The next AI revolution will be built by people like you. Visit us here to find out more about Solutions.AI. You are: A data expert with serious analytical and statistical chops. As a Manager with Accenture you will lead and grow a business leveraging and growing a data science team working with diverse clients and industries. You know how to take massive amounts of data and find the insights our clients need to help their companies do more. You have a deep understanding of applied behavioral insights from fields including behavioral science, psychology, and organizational development. You take a data-driven approach to designing experiments and analyzing data, with an excellent ability to communicate results to a diverse stakeholder group. The work: Lead and grow a data science business across our North American market Develop custom models based on in-depth understanding of underlying data, data structures, and business problems to ensure analytics deliverables meet client needs Develop standard models, solutions and assets that can be used as accelerators for similar problems across clients Define and assess the behaviors required to enable the success of a client’s data strategy and enable the adoption of data analytics tools and solutions Define the challenges clients face in utilizing data and insights, while understanding and identifying explanations for the underlying patterns of behaviors that contribute and can be changed Apply human-centered design principles to understand challenges, designing and prototyping behavior change initiatives Lead the co-design and implementation of experiments focused on behavioral change, with the potential to scale and embed solutions and processes if successful Design and test new experiences which trigger behavioral change in the context of work Identify the emergence of new patterns of behavior within the organization over-time Use your judgment to craft solutions to complex problems or seek guidance as needed Report on your progress regularly in writing and face-to-face Stay up to date on new products that clients could use Work with peers and senior colleagues in Accenture and at client companies  Here’s what you need: At least 7 years of demonstrated experience in the application of analytics, behavioral science, psychology, and organizational development in sophisticated and complex environments including the use of simulation and modeling tools At least 7 years of experiences in identifying key business use cases and developing solutions/assets to drive quick pilot/implementation At least 5 years of leading teams and performing data analytics and modeling with advanced languages like Python Bachelor's Degree (advanced degree preferred) or equivalent (minimum 12 years) work experience Bonus points if: You can technically lead data science projects You have client-facing experience and working with C-level executives You have experience with cloud platforms / services, big data tools, and deploying analytics as a service You have a graduate degree Important Information Travel For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts. Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture. As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $141,000 - $228,099 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
143,143,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=e5659f319ac11b95&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"We are a leading partner to the world’s major cloud providers. The formation of Accenture Cloud First, with a $3 billion investment over three years, demonstrates our commitment to deliver greater value to our clients when they need it most. Our Cloud First multi-service group of more than 70,000 cloud professionals delivers a full stack of integrated cloud capabilities like data, edge, integrated infrastructure and applications, deep ecosystem skills, culture of change along with pre-configured industry solutions to shape, move, build and operate our clients’ businesses in the cloud. We combine world-class learning and talent development expertise; deep experience in cloud change management; and cloud-ready operating models with a commitment to responsible business by design — with security, data privacy, responsible use of artificial intelligence, sustainability and ethics and compliance built into the fundamental changes Accenture helps companies achieve.  Are you ready to step up to the New and take your technology expertise to the next level Accenture is looking for passionate and customer obsessed AWS cloud full stack developers to join our AWS Practice. You will help drive innovation, build differentiated solutions, and define new customer experiences for our customers (and customers, customers). You’ll work with smart people across our industry specialist organizations, and technology groups to help our customers get the most out of AWS in their cloud journey.  The AWS Practice within is home to our deepest AWS experts and supports Accenture’s more than 1,500 certified AWS architects across the company. Join our team and be among Accenture’s most talented AWS practitioners, our AWS SWAT team. The group is responsible for Accenture’s most complex AWS projects and provides our delivery capability for the Accenture AWS Business Group (AABG). AABG is the deepest relationship Amazon Web Services has with any partner in the ecosystem. Choosing Accenture and the AWS Practice will take your AWS experience and skills to the next level and allow you to work in an innovative and collaborative environment. At Accenture, you can lead the world’s largest enterprises on the path to native cloud transformation and serverless, on the leading edge of cloud.  Join Accenture and help transform leading organizations and communities around the world. The sheer scale of our capabilities and client engagements and the way we collaborate, operate and deliver value provides an unparalleled opportunity to grow and advance. Choose Accenture and make delivering innovative work part of your extraordinary career.  Learn more about our AWS careers here: AWS cloud careers page  You are: A motivated, inquisitive developer. You enjoy using your development skills to deliver innovative solutions that help our clients improve the services they provide. Driven by curiosity, you explore how new technologies can be applied to solve challenging business problems. You thrive in a collaborative, creative and productive team environment where ideas are freely exchanged, and innovative concepts evolve into practical solutions.  The work: Design and Implement AWS architectures and environments Design Native Cloud Application Architectures or optimize applications for AWS Collaborating within a project team to solve complex problems  Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts.  Basic Qualifications - At least 3- 5 years of Consulting or client service delivery experience on Amazon AWS (AWS) - At least 3- 5 years of experience in developing data ingestion, data processing and analytical pipelines for big data, relational databases, NoSQL and data warehouse solutions Extensive experience providing practical direction within the AWS Native and HadoopExperience with private and public cloud architectures, pros/cons, and migration considerations.Minimum of 5 years of hands-on experience in AWS and Big Data technologies such as Java, Node.js, C##, Python, SQL, EC2, S3, Lambda, Spark/SparkSQL, Hive/MR, Pig, Oozie and streaming technologies such as Kafka, Kinesis, NiFI etc.3-5+ years of hands on experience in programming languages such as Java, c#, node.js, python, pyspark, spark, SQL, Unix shell/Perl scripting etc.Experience working with DevOps tools such as GitLabs, Jenkins, CodeBuild, CoePipeline CodeDeploy, etc.Bachelors or higher degree in Computer Science or a related discipline. Must have at least one AWS Certification § Certified AWS Developer - Associate § Certified AWS DevOps – Professional § Certified AWS Big Data Specialty  Nice-to-Have Skills/Qualifications: DevOps on an AWS platform. Multi-cloud experience a plus.Experience developing and deploying ETL solutions on AWS using tools like Talend, Informatica, MatillionStrong in Java, C##, Spark, PySpark, Unix shell/Perl scriptingIoT, event-driven, microservices, containers/Kubernetes in the cloud  As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $43,200 - $114,499 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
145,145,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=6183d667a41ca6bd&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"Who We Are A leading partner to the world’s major cloud providers, including AWS, Azure, and Google. The formation of Accenture Cloud First, with a $3 billion investment over three years, demonstrates our commitment to deliver greater value to our clients when they need it most and offers huge growth opportunities for you! Our Cloud First group of more than 70,000 cloud professionals delivers a full stack of integrated cloud capabilities across data, edge, integrated infrastructure and applications, deep ecosystem skills, culture of change along with a deep industry expertise to shape, move, build and operate our clients’ businesses in the cloud. To accelerate our customers transformation leveraging cloud, we combine world-class learning and talent development expertise; deep experience in cloud change management; and cloud-ready operating models with a commitment to responsible business by design — with security, data privacy, responsible use of artificial intelligence, sustainability and ethics and compliance built into the fundamental changes Accenture helps companies achieve. We are excited about the opportunities in the Cloud – and hope you are too! Learn more about our AWS careers here: AWS cloud careers page The Work Design cloud architectures to migrate on-prem data warehouses/marts to AWSConduct full technical discovery, identifying pain points, business, and technical requirements, “as is” and “to be” scenariosDevelop and prioritize use cases as it relates to Clients’ data migration Journey to AWSProvide prescriptive guidance across network, storage, Big Data, serverless architectures, Hadoop ecosystem, vendor products, RDBMS & NoSQL databases, and securityManage small teams of delivery engineers successfully delivering work efforts  What you need Certification as an active AWS cloud Solution Architect.At least 5 years of designing, building and operationalizing large-scale enterprise data solutions using one or more third-party resources such as Pyspark, Talend, Matellion, Informatica or native utilities as EC2, S3, DMS, Kinesis, Kafka Redshift, RDS, Aurora, Lambda, Spark, Glue etc.Minimum 5 years of experience with databases as Teradata, Snowflake, Oracle, Netezza etc.Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience, or an Associate degree with a minimum of 6 years of equivalent work experience. Bonus points if you have Implementing DevOps on AWS platformExperience in data governance fields as lineage, quality, catalog etc.Multi-cloud experience For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. Please note: All Accenture business travel is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. The safety and well-being of our people continues to be our top priority, and Accenture’s decisions around business travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts. As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $99,900 - $207,399 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
146,146,Houston,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8e9945769bf62935&fccid=105ecfd0283f415f&vjs=3,"Senior Applications Consultant - SAP Artificial Intelligence, RPA, Programming052919  SAP Artificial Intelligence, RPA, Programming Candidates should be flexible / willing to work across this delivery landscape which includes and not limited to Agile Applications Development, Support and Deployment. Applicants for employment in the US must have valid work authorization that does not now and/or will not in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the US by Capgemini. Applications Consultants have expertise in a specific technology environment. They are responsible for software-specific design and realization, as well as testing, deployment and release management, or technical and functional application management of client-specific package based solutions (e.g. SAP, ORACLE). These roles also require functional and methodological capabilities in testing and training.  Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law.  This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship.  Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant - http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equal-employment-opportunity-is-the-law About Capgemini  Capgemini is a global leader in consulting, digital transformation, technology and engineering services. The Group is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50-year+ heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. Today, it is a multicultural company of 270,000 team members in almost 50 countries. With Altran, the Group reported 2019 combined revenues of €17billion. Visit us at www.capgemini.com. People matter, results count.  Job Developer Schedule Full-time Primary Location US-TX-Houston Organization I&D"
147,147,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=92d6fe3b334df0dc&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3," MSc in Machine Learning, Computer Science, Statistics, Operations Research, or related field plus 3+ years of combined academic and research experience Excellent communication, writing and presentation skills Experience in designing analytic and/or algorithmic solutions to business or operational problems Ability to deliver under tight deadlines. Ability to clean, transform, and merge your own data in a procedural language like Python or R  The Economic Technology team (ET) is looking for a Data Scientist to join our team in building Reinforcement Learning solutions at scale. The ET applies Machine Learning, Reinforcement Learning, Causal Inference, and Econometrics/Economics to derive actionable insights about the complex economy of Amazon’s retail business. We also develop Statistical Models and Algorithms to drive strategic business decisions and improve operations. We are an interdisciplinary team of Economists, Engineers, and Scientists incubating and building day one solutions using cutting-edge technology, to solve some of the toughest business problems at Amazon.  You will work with business leaders, scientists, and economists to translate business and functional requirements into concrete deliverables, including the design, development, testing, and deployment of highly scalable distributed services. You will partner with scientists, economists, and engineers to help invent and implement scalable ML, RL, and econometric models while building tools to help our customers gain and apply insights.  This is a unique, high visibility opportunity for someone who wants to have business impact, dive deep into large-scale economic problems, enable measurable actions on the Consumer economy, and work closely with scientists and economists. We are particularly interested in candidates with experience building predictive models and working with distributed systems.  As a Data Scientist, you bring business and industry context to science and technology decisions. You set the standard for scientific excellence and make decisions that affect the way we build and integrate algorithms. Your solutions are exemplary in terms of algorithm design, clarity, model structure, efficiency, and extensibility. You tackle intrinsically hard problems, acquiring expertise as needed. You decompose complex problems into straightforward solutions.  To know more about Amazon science, Please visit https://www.amazon.science   PhD in Machine Learning, Computer Science, Statistics, Operations Research, or related field plus 1+ years of combined academic and research experience Deep knowledge of probabilistic machine learning Demonstrated ability to serve as a technical lead Experience developing software in traditional programming languages (C++, Java, etc..) Strong publication record in top-tier journals and conferences.  Amazon Science gives you insight into the company’s approach to customer-obsessed scientific innovation. Amazon fundamentally believes that scientific innovation is essential to being the most customer-centric company in the world. It’s the company’s ability to have an impact at scale that allows us to attract some of the brightest minds in artificial intelligence and related fields. Our scientists continue to publish, teach, and engage with the academic community, in addition to utilizing our working backwards method to enrich the way we live and work.  Please visit https://www.amazon.science for more information."
148,148,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=d18d3ca221b72e6d&fccid=10b5a4abcc6bf067&vjs=3, 
151,151,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=620a2262cfc4dc5b&fccid=943df4dfeeeb9fc4&vjs=3,"POSITION DETAILS: Schedule: Days, 8-hour shifts FTE: Full-Time, 80 hours per 2 week pay period Location: Main Campus  JOB SUMMARY: At Rady Children's Institute for Genomic Medicine, our mission is: To prevent, diagnose, treat, and cure childhood diseases through genomic and systems medicine research. We are a global leader in the implementation of Rapid Precision Medicine® utilizing whole genome sequencing in pediatric intensive care settings. Rady Children's Institute for Genomic Medicine is searching for a data scientist, with expertise in statistical genetics or bioinformatics, to be located in San Diego, California. The role of this doctoral-trained individual will be to implement state of the art approaches to analyze next generation genomic sequencing and other ""omics"", and clinical data to support diagnostic, therapeutic and outcome research studies. Primary responsibilities include providing expertise on study design and executing data analyses for multiple research studies across a broad range of pediatric health conditions. Candidates will have strong training and experience in the analysis and interpretation of next generation genomic sequencing data to advance precision medicine. The ability to use machine learning and other artificial intelligence methods is required. Previous experience documenting collaborations with physician scientists, bioinformaticists, and other members of multidisciplinary team members is required. Successful candidates will need to demonstrate their ability to contribute and participate in internal and external presentations, peer-reviewed manuscripts, conference proceedings, and applications for extramural funding. The successful candidate will report directly to the Vice-President of Research and ClinicalManagement of the Genomics Institute.  MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Master's Degree 4 Years of Experience Expert level familiarity with statistical analysis software (e.g., SPSS, SAS and or equivalent analytical software) Word, Excel and data entry (REDCap, Access, FoxPro, FileMaker) Proficient in internet use and able to conduct literature searches using search engines such as Pub Med Advanced understanding of computer software and hardware and familiarity with PC and/or MacIntosh platforms  PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Doctorate Degree (non MD) 6 Years of Experience"
152,152,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=810113bf9f6445f5&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3," 3+ years of combined academic and research experience PhD in Machine Learning, Computer Science, Statistics, Operations Research, or related field Excellent communication, writing and presentation skills Experience in designing analytic and/or algorithmic solutions to business or operational problems Significant hands-on experience with at least two programming languages. Ability to develop in Spark and Scala Ability to deliver under tight deadlines.  The Economic Technology team (ET) is looking for a Senior Applied Scientist to join our team in building Reinforcement Learning solutions at scale. The ET applies Machine Learning, Reinforcement Learning, Causal Inference, and Econometrics/Economics to derive actionable insights about the complex economy of Amazon’s retail business. We also develop Statistical Models and Algorithms to drive strategic business decisions and improve operations. We are an interdisciplinary team of Economists, Engineers, and Scientists incubating and building day one solutions using cutting-edge technology, to solve some of the toughest business problems at Amazon.  You will work with business leaders, scientists, and economists to translate business and functional requirements into concrete deliverables, including the design, development, testing, and deployment of highly scalable distributed services. You will partner with scientists, economists, and engineers to help invent and implement scalable ML, RL, and econometric models while building tools to help our customers gain and apply insights. This is a unique, high visibility opportunity for someone who wants to have business impact, dive deep into large-scale economic problems, enable measurable actions on the Consumer economy, and work closely with scientists and economists. We are particularly interested in candidates with experience building predictive models and working with distributed systems.  As a Senior Applied Scientist, you bring business and industry context to science and technology decisions. You set the standard for scientific excellence and make decisions that affect the way we build and integrate algorithms. Your solutions are exemplary in terms of algorithm design, clarity, model structure, efficiency, and extensibility. You tackle intrinsically hard problems, acquiring expertise as needed. You decompose complex problems into straightforward solutions.  To know more about Amazon science, Please visit https://www.amazon.science   Deep knowledge of probabilistic machine learning Experience developing software in traditional programming languages (C++, Java, etc..). Ability to clean, transform, and merge your own data in a procedural language like Python or R Strong publication record in top-tier journals and conferences. Demonstrated ability to serve as a technical lead  Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us"
155,155,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=d919b81043bd8c4b&fccid=9784ae78e9834539&vjs=3," In this role, you’ll"
159,159,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=6fbea89a617d949a&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"We Are: Being part of Accenture Strategy & Consulting means becoming an expert at making the New happen Now. To us, the New is all about the wise pivot that turns constant disruption to continuous reinvention. We are an innovation led company that works at the heart of our clients’ organizations so that no matter how complex the business challenge, we face the future with confidence. If you love solving challenges and not just studying them, then Accenture Consulting is the right place for you. Join us to develop your ideas into provocative points of view and transformative insights that help shape industries. You’ll work with an amazing and diverse mix of world-class experts with access to one of the most robust portfolios of capabilities and ecosystem relationships in the industry. Together, you’ll do so much more than consult. Coming here means future-proofing your career and going as far as your ambition takes you. Becoming a tech-savvy, well-rounded, multi-disciplined and market-relevant advisor doesn’t happen by chance. We invest in training and development in a big way, so you can build your future along with ours, creating an impactful career unique to you. Ultimately, we believe we is greater than me and that diverse perspectives lead to the best solutions. Joining Accenture Consulting means you will learn, innovate and lead, and together we will improve the way the world works and lives. Accenture Strategy & Consulting, Utility Industry, Retail Energy and Customer Service Practice helps energy providers around the world to reimagine, transform and grow their business and create new value propositions, revenue streams, commercial models and ecosystems. We are powering the progress to a safe, connected and sustainable planet. Every day, we work with the largest electric, gas and water utilities to deliver innovative solutions and help them become more efficient, reliable, environmentally friendly and safer places to work. We co-create the future with our clients at Accenture Innovation Hubs around the world and work alongside our clients to bring the future to life in the core of our client's operations. We are the marketplace leader in modernizing the Customer Experience network, delivering next level of connectivity between marketing, operations and technology that goes beyond the commodity. Our utility clients are looking for bold solutions in the era of rapidly changing technology, policy and workforce innovations. Are you the leader who wants to reinvent the Utilities' Customer Experience and empower our clients to create a clean, sustainable and connected world? Join a team of industry practitioners with global footprint and local camaraderie. Visit our site to learn more about Accenture Strategy & Consulting Utilities Practice. You Are: A skilled utility industry practitioner who knows how to reinvent Customer Experience in the new digital world. You have experience designing and implementing digital transformation in a functional and/or technical capacity with CRM / Customer Care focus on business process improvement and/or supporting technical solutions (e.g. in the contact center, back office and strategic departments of a retail utility). You identify, target, and organize for intelligent customer and retail growth with new connected energy experiences. In fact, every day you are looking for opportunities to challenge the status quo and you are not satisfied with step change. You are a relentless storyteller, inspiring teams with your vision and new way of thinking. You have a proven track record of assembling diverse, high performing teams that harness people's strength and deliver radical insight. You understand that co-location with clients and teams is critical to innovation and you are ready to partner at client sites. The Work: Data scientist delivering analytics solutions tied to utility customer programs. Understand client challenges and articulate the value of transformation in terms of business outcomes Bring thought leadership on most critical issues Utilities face today, and in the future Constantly learn and bring new technologies and innovative solutions to our clients Be a role model and a coach for the next generation of Accenture analysts and consultants Champion people on your team to succeed professionally and personally Foster trusted advisor relationships with clients from strategy to technology; from the C-Suite to the front line; for business and IT Integrate business data to discover new insight and enable evidence-based business decisions Earn air miles and hotel points with weekly travel to client sites for recharging on epic personal adventures For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts.  Here's What You Need: Minimum 3 years of experience in the Utility Industry required Minimum 3 years of experience managing or implementing analytics solutions for utilities in a data scientist role Minimum 3 years of experience building machine learning solutions Bachelor's Degree or equivalent Our Commitment to You: Your entrepreneurial spirit and vision will be rewarded, and your success will fuel opportunities for career advancement. You’ll make a difference for some pretty impressive clients. Accenture serves many of the Fortune Global 100 on high-profile projects. Opportunities to learn daily through training, assignments, and collaborating with experts across the company. Access to leading-edge technology. Along with a competitive salary, Accenture offers a comprehensive package including generous paid time off, an employee healthcare plan and a competitive 401K program. Learn more about our extensive rewards and benefits: Your Future Rewards & Benefits As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $119,000 - $129,999 and information on benefits offered is here.   What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
161,161,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8d61adab9f3b9680&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries, we offer Strategy and Consulting, Interactive, Technology and Operations services—all powered by the world’s largest network of Advanced Technology and Intelligent Operations centers. Our 537,000 people deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity every day, serving clients in more than 120 countries. We embrace the power of change to create value and shared success for our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities. Visit us at www.accenture.com. In today’s business environment, growth isn’t just about building value—it's fundamental to long-term business survival. So how do organizations sustain themselves? The key is a new operating model—one that's anchored around the customer and propelled by intelligence to deliver exceptional experiences across the enterprise at speed and at scale. You will deliver breakthrough business outcomes for clients—by harnessing talent, data and intelligence to revolutionize their operating models. Operations is one of four services that make up one Accenture –the others are Strategy and Consulting, Interactive and Technology. Job Description: The Data Scientist Associate Principal will be part of Accenture Operations Data AI team. They will be managing and coordinating with the team that identifies and develops advanced analytics statistical models, machine learning methods and solutions for Accenture operations clients to improve various business outcome indicators. Key Responsibilities: Successfully develop, conceptualize and test various statistical and machine learning models Integrate the outcomes as real time analytics to elevate Accenture’s ability to create value for clients in areas and through means not immediately apparent to clients  Basic Qualifications: Masters with 3 years of working experiences or Ph.D. Minimum 3 years of Data Science experience (from work or academic) Minimum 3 years of programming experience (Python, C, C++, Java, R, SAS) Preferred Qualifications: Preferred degree concentrations - Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering, Physics, Mathematics, Economics Experience in one or more of the following - Supervised and Unsupervised Learning, Classification Models, Cluster Analysis, Neural Networks, Non-parametric Methods, Multivariate Statistics, Reliability Models, Markov Models, Stochastic models, Bayesian Models Experience leading or collaborating with a team of data scientists in developing and delivering machine learning models that work in a production setting Knowledge of UNIX or Linux environments Experience working with large data sets and tools like MapReduce, Hadoop, Hive, etc. Experience working with large data streaming technologies like Spark, Flink, etc. Familiarity with relational databases and intermediate level knowledge of SQL Ability to think creatively to solve real world business problems What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
163,163,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1645d25f26323d0c&fccid=0c746cab37cd5dd5&vjs=3,"Axos:  Born digital, Axos Bank has reinvented the banking model and grown to over $14 billion in assets since our founding in 2000. With a broad and ever-growing range of financial products, Axos Bank is rated among the top 5 digital banks in the country! Axos Financial is our holding company and publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ""AX (NYSE: AX). We bring together human insight and digital expertise to anticipate the needs of our customers. Our team members are innovative, technologically sophisticated, and motivated to achieve. Learn more about working here! The Opportunity:  You will be providing support to a fast-paced analytics department with deep problem-solving and broad knowledge of quantitative modeling for banking/financial services. The Role: Analyze and identify business challenges and opportunities Apply modeling/statistics to make strategic and tactical recommendations  Consult with business partners to develop strategy to address and influence business problems  Analyze data, build BI tools, and develop financial models  Communicate results and recommendation to senior management and business partners  Identify opportunities to apply quantitative methods to improve business performance  Communicate technical subject matter clearly and concisely to individuals from various backgrounds Research AI and financial services market conditions and assist in conducting feasibility studies to determine market demand for existing and new AI products or services Are You A Fit? : 3+ years' data analytics 5+ years' problem solving/analytical role in a fast-paced organization Experience in regulated financial services (FDIC, OCC, FINRA, FRB) or another highly regulated environment Expertise in one or more of the following: Statistical Modeling Probabilistic programming ML/AI, knowledge presentation Cognitive modeling Natural language processing SQL knowledge and expert in Python or R Excellent communication skills (verbal and written) Build, maintain and develop software infrastructure to or cloud infrastructure to handle enterprise projects along with data integration mechanisms for interfacing between machine learning and artificial intelligence applications Built machine learning applications, broad knowledge of machine learning APIs, tools, and open source libraries Support customer acquisition strategies by vetting information from public sources and lead providers then aggregating content from data provider to stimulate development of telemarketing and email marketing campaigns Consolidate publicly available information to develop an achievable picture of a perspective customer Exploration that leverages more information pertaining to a specific area in a market or product that stimulates development for product offerings while also discovering strategic opportunities within specific markets or demographics Track record of fact-based communication to support senior decision-making Preferred: Management experience Apply directly for consideration as we are not using any outside agencies for any of our openings:  Pre-Employment Drug Test: All offers are contingent upon the candidate successfully passing a credit check, criminal background check, and pre-employment drug screening, which includes screening for marijuana. Axos Bank is a federally regulated banking institution. At the federal level, marijuana is an illegal schedule 1 drug; therefore, we will not employ any person who tests positive for marijuana, regardless of state legalization. Equal Employment Opportunity: Axos Bank is an Equal Opportunity employer. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, religious creed, color, sex (including pregnancy, breast feeding and related medical conditions), gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, military and veteran status, marital status, age, protected medical condition, genetic information, physical disability, mental disability, or any other protected status in accordance with all applicable federal, state and local laws. Job Functions and Work Environment: While performing the duties of this position, the employee is required to sit for extended periods of time. Manual dexterity and coordination are required while operating standard office equipment such as computer keyboard and mouse, calculator, telephone, copiers, etc. The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee may encounter while performing the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this position."
167,167,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=cab8115344070c25&fccid=9784ae78e9834539&vjs=3," Intuit is hiring a Principal Data Scientist to join our Intuit AI team in Mountain View, CA."
168,168,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=0ceb2a297bff2b97&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3," 5+ years of experience with data scripting languages (e.g SQL, Python, R etc.) or statistical/mathematical software (e.g. R, SAS, or Matlab) 4+ years working as a Data Scientist Master's Degree in a quantitative field (such as Computer Science, Machine Learning, Operational Research, Statistics, Mathematics) or equivalent experience. Great design and problem-solving skills, passion for quality and engineering excellence at scale. At least 4+ years of hands-on experience in applying theoretical models in an applied environment. At least 2+ years in at least one scripting language (preferably Python). Work well in a fast-moving team environment and effectively deliver technical implementations having complex dependencies and requirements. Exemplary communication skills, both verbal and written, ability to work with large cross functional teams of technical and non-technical members. Ability to distill informal requirements into problem definitions, dealing with ambiguity and competing objectives.  Amazon Science gives you insight into the company’s approach to customer-obsessed scientific innovation. Amazon fundamentally believes that scientific innovation is essential to being the most customer-centric company in the world. It’s the company’s ability to have an impact at scale that allows us to attract some of the brightest minds in artificial intelligence and related fields. Our scientists continue to publish, teach, and engage with the academic community, in addition to utilizing our working backwards method to enrich the way we live and work.  Please visit https://www.amazon.science for more information.  Excited by using massive amounts of data to develop Machine Learning (ML), Deep Learning (DL), and Reinforcement Learning models? Want to help Amazon protect our customers against abuse? Eager to learn from highly skilled scientists building the state-of-the-art? Thrilled to be key part of it and help Amazon keep pioneering and shaping the world’s AI technology? Are you highly innovative and passionate about building the latest novelty research? WE WANT YOU!  Amazon.com’s Buyer Risk Prevention's (BRP) mission is to make Amazon the safest and most trusted place worldwide to transact online. BRP safeguards every financial transaction across all Amazon sites. As such, BRP designs and builds the software systems, risk models, and operational processes that minimize risk and maximize trust in Amazon.com.  The Buyer Abuse Prevention organization is looking for an experienced, passionate, and results-oriented Data Scientist to drive complex and ambiguous projects. The Senior Data Scientist role at Amazon is a technical team leader working to develop new challenging ML experiments and applications that optimize Amazon’s systems using cutting edge quantitative techniques.They will focus on uncovering new abusive behaviors and bring strategic impact towards our customers. As a Senior Data Scientist, you will work directly with Business Analysts, Business Intelligence Engineers, Research Scientists, ML Scientists, Software Development Engineers, Program Managers, and Product Managers to drive detection systems and prevent abuse in a highly collaborative environment.  The major responsibilities include:  Use predictive analytics and ML techniques to solve complex problems and drive business decisions. Employ the appropriate algorithms to discover patterns of risks, abuse, and help reduce losses. Design experiments, test hypotheses, and build actionable models to optimize BRP operations. Solve analytical problems, and effectively communicate methodologies and results. Work closely with internal stakeholders such as business teams, engineering teams, and partner teams and align them with respect to your focus area. Understand the customer's needs and build relationship with business teams. Lead stakeholders on mapping requirements, researching the state-of-the-art, exploring data, running experiments, presenting the storytelling, and influencing leadership on the appropriate solution. Reuse and/or improve existing solutions when applicable. Use Deep Learning frameworks like PyTorch, Tensorflow and MxNet. Use AWS services to build scalable and deployable ML architectures. A PhD in a quantitative field (Computer Science, Mathematics, Machine Learning, AI, Statistics, or equivalent). Ability to develop experimental and analytic plans for data modeling processes, use of strong baselines, and determine cause and effect relations Extensive knowledge and practical experience in some of the following areas: Deep Learning, Reinforcement Learning, clustering approaches, graph modeling, anomaly detection. Publications or presentations at Machine Learning, Deep Learning, and Data Science journals/conferences. Experience with AWS technologies (e.g., Redshift, S3, EC2, Data Pipeline, EMR, SageMaker). Experience using ML libraries (e.g., scikit-learn, PyTorch, Tensorflow, MxNet, spaCy). Strong personal interest in learning, researching, and creating new technologies with high commercial impact. Combination of deep technical and business savvy skills to interface with all levels and disciplines within our customers' organizations Track record of dealing with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment  "
169,169,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=483c9063c30825a2&fccid=6e5a32280a829576&vjs=3,"Position Description:  If you love high profile and challenging projects supporting the US Navy - Serco has a great opportunity for you! The Data Scientist will support US Navy in sunny San Diego, CA. Bring your data science, process analysis expertise and collaborative skills and make an impact towards our country’s military defense and the capabilities of our Sailors. You will be part of a team that works closely with the customer and other Serco team members to deliver high technology Naval systems. You will provide technical support for our customer as part of a team on-site in San Diego, CA. The successful candidate will help lead manpower and training support efforts for US Navy C5ISR-related programs and systems. In this role, you will: Develop Front End Analysis (FEA) and/or Training Estimates of manpower, personnel, training, management, and acquisition requirements for assigned programs/capabilities Document analyses in the Job Task Analysis (JTA), Training Situation Analysis (TSA), Training Systems Requirements Analysis (TSRA) and/or Training Situation Document (TSD), Manpower and Training Requirements Planning (MTRP), Training Device Coordinating Paper (TDDCP), Military Characteristic (MC), and Training Effectiveness Evaluation Plan (TEEP) documentation Conduct Manpower and Training Requirements Planning (MTRP) , examining alternative system concepts early in the acquisition process to determine the best possible Manpower Training (MPT) profile for assigned programs/capabilities Capture Training Requirements Planning (TRP) data through entry into the Human Analysis and Requirements Planning (HARPS) tool Draft and update Navy Training System Plans (NTSP) for assigned programs/capabilities Review, coordinate, and track the approval of the Training Installation and Transfer Agreement (TITA) phases for the installation and transfer of training responsibility for installed Technical Training Equipment (TTE) and Training Devices at designated training facilities Provide annual review recommendation letters for all supported NTSPs Qualifications:  To be successful in this role, you will have: Bachelor’s degree or an Associate's Degree plus (4) years of specialized Navy Training assessment expertise; or six (6) years of specialized Navy Training assessment expertise and a U.S. Navy Master Training Specialist (MTS) qualification  Active Secret clearance required If you are interested in supporting with our military and working with a passionate Serco team then submit your application now for immediate consideration. It only takes a few minutes and could change your career! Company Overview:  Serco Inc. (Serco) is the Americas division of Serco Group, plc. Serco serves every branch of the U.S. military, numerous U.S. Federal civilian agencies, the Intelligence Community, the Canadian government, state and local governments, and commercial clients. We help our clients deliver vital services more efficiently while increasing the satisfaction of their end customers. Headquartered in Herndon, Virginia, Serco Americas has over 9,000 employees and is part of a $4 billion global business that helps transform government and public services around the world. At Serco, our employees are our most valuable asset - we listen, respect and support them throughout their career at Serco. We invite you to become part of our dynamic team. Serco is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversifying our workforce (Race/ Color/ Sex/ Sexual Orientation/ Gender Identity/ Religion/ National Origin/ Disability/ Vets). To review Serco benefits please visit: https://www.serco.com/na/careers/benefits-of-choosing-serco. If you require an accommodation with the application process please email: careers@serco-na.com or call the HR Service Desk at 800-628-6458, option 1. Please note, due to EEOC/OFCCP compliance, Serco is unable to accept resumes by email. Serco does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies without being a contracted approved vendor. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of Serco and will not be obligated to pay a placement or contract fee. If you are interested in becoming an approved vendor at Serco, please email Agencies@serco-na.com."
172,172,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=c90d746f0018a11f&fccid=c1099851e9794854&vjs=3,"Summary Posted: Apr 30, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200233728 Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. The people here at Apple don’t just craft products - they build the kind of wonder thatʼs revolutionized entire industries. It’s the diversity of those people and their ideas that inspires the innovation that runs through everything we do, from amazing technology to industry-leading environmental efforts. Join Apple, and help us leave the world better than we found it. Are you interested in being part of a team that continues to innovate the way people and machines interact? The launch of Siri was a defining moment in the history of Artificial Intelligence. Siri offers a faster, easier way to get things done on your Apple devices, even before you ask. Millions of people now use Siri to send messages, play their favorite song or even take a selfie. The AI/ML team is passionate about technology with a focus on enriching the customer experience. We are looking for a motivated Annotation Analyst that demonstrates active listening, integrity, acute attention to detail, and is passionate about impacting our customer's experience. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. This position will be based out of the corporate campus in San Diego, CA. Key Qualifications Fluency in the Chilean Spanish language with excellent comprehension, grammar and proofreading skills Excellent English reading comprehension and writing skills Highly organized with strong attention to detail Excellent active listening skills with the ability to understand verbal nuances Understanding of the regions and cultural variations where Chilean Spanish is spoken Demonstrates attention to detail and critical thinking skills in evaluation of Siri’s language usage and dialect Ability to independently navigate systems and tools Demonstrates integrity and focuses on customer privacy Experience in content review or a similar environment, prior testing experience preferred Demonstrates flexibility and adaptability to changing work-flows and responsibilities Grows with a team where expertise is shared and feedback is welcomed Excels at working independently to make timely decisions and take appropriate actions Experience as an end user of Siri, similar Intelligent Personal Assistants, or other AI Successfully meets or exceeds targets, working within tight deadlines Ability to identify business process solutions that increase efficiencies Ability to maintain focus and aim for high results through large volumes of tasks Description Our team is comprised of very talented individuals, who are passionate about AI/ML and ensuring Apple services are at their best. As part of the Annotation Team you'll play a central role in enhancing the user experience. We work in a fast paced, dynamic, technology focused environment. As an Annotation Analyst, you'll listen and transcribe audio files and evaluate Siri’s response and language usage, from customers who have opted in to the grading program. You'll use your language and cultural knowledge, along with analytical skills, to evaluate responses against guidelines. Your flexibility and the ability to prioritize tasks is essential. We focus on the user experience, thinking creatively on how customers use Siri and use this knowledge for improvements. Because we believe our individual backgrounds, perspectives, and passions help us build the ideas that move all of us forward. We'll train you to be an expert in understanding, supporting and improving the customer experience. This position comes with competitive pay, great benefits, eligibility to participate in our company stock plan, time off, and employee discount. We are seeking applicants with fluency in the Chilean Spanish language. Education & Experience Bachelors degree or equivalent work experience preferred Additional Requirements Ability to work Monday- Friday from 9:00am-6:00pm local time; with scheduling and work flexibility based on business needs Positions with language skills require strong grammar and cultural awareness Successful completion of a pre-employment assessment and background check Successful completion of initial training and certification testing"
173,173,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8d61adab9f3b9680&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries, we offer Strategy and Consulting, Interactive, Technology and Operations services—all powered by the world’s largest network of Advanced Technology and Intelligent Operations centers. Our 537,000 people deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity every day, serving clients in more than 120 countries. We embrace the power of change to create value and shared success for our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities. Visit us at www.accenture.com. In today’s business environment, growth isn’t just about building value—it's fundamental to long-term business survival. So how do organizations sustain themselves? The key is a new operating model—one that's anchored around the customer and propelled by intelligence to deliver exceptional experiences across the enterprise at speed and at scale. You will deliver breakthrough business outcomes for clients—by harnessing talent, data and intelligence to revolutionize their operating models. Operations is one of four services that make up one Accenture –the others are Strategy and Consulting, Interactive and Technology. Job Description: The Data Scientist Associate Principal will be part of Accenture Operations Data AI team. They will be managing and coordinating with the team that identifies and develops advanced analytics statistical models, machine learning methods and solutions for Accenture operations clients to improve various business outcome indicators. Key Responsibilities: Successfully develop, conceptualize and test various statistical and machine learning models Integrate the outcomes as real time analytics to elevate Accenture’s ability to create value for clients in areas and through means not immediately apparent to clients  Basic Qualifications: Masters with 3 years of working experiences or Ph.D. Minimum 3 years of Data Science experience (from work or academic) Minimum 3 years of programming experience (Python, C, C++, Java, R, SAS) Preferred Qualifications: Preferred degree concentrations - Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering, Physics, Mathematics, Economics Experience in one or more of the following - Supervised and Unsupervised Learning, Classification Models, Cluster Analysis, Neural Networks, Non-parametric Methods, Multivariate Statistics, Reliability Models, Markov Models, Stochastic models, Bayesian Models Experience leading or collaborating with a team of data scientists in developing and delivering machine learning models that work in a production setting Knowledge of UNIX or Linux environments Experience working with large data sets and tools like MapReduce, Hadoop, Hive, etc. Experience working with large data streaming technologies like Spark, Flink, etc. Familiarity with relational databases and intermediate level knowledge of SQL Ability to think creatively to solve real world business problems What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
175,175,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=508a3d62c1ea8aa7&fccid=c1099851e9794854&vjs=3,"Summary Posted: Apr 30, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200219928 Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. The people here at Apple don’t just craft products - they build the kind of wonder thatʼs revolutionized entire industries. It’s the diversity of those people and their ideas that inspires the innovation that runs through everything we do, from amazing technology to industry-leading environmental efforts. Join Apple, and help us leave the world better than we found it. Are you interested in being part of a team that continues to innovate the way people and machines interact? The launch of Siri was a defining moment in the history of Artificial Intelligence. Siri offers a faster, easier way to get things done on your Apple devices, even before you ask. Millions of people now use Siri to send messages, play their favorite song or even take a selfie. The AI/ML team is passionate about technology with a focus on enriching the customer experience. We are looking for a motivated Annotation Analyst that demonstrates active listening, integrity, acute attention to detail, and is passionate about impacting our customer's experience. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. This position is located at the Apple corporate campus in San Diego, CA. Key Qualifications Fluency in the Hebrew language with excellent comprehension, grammar and proofreading skills Excellent English reading comprehension and writing skills Highly organized with strong attention to detail Excellent active listening skills with the ability to understand verbal nuances Understanding of the regions and cultural variations where Hebrew is spoken Demonstrates attention to detail and critical thinking skills in evaluation of Siri’s language usage and dialect Ability to independently navigate systems and tools Demonstrates integrity and focuses on customer privacy Experience in content review or a similar environment, prior testing experience preferred Demonstrates flexibility and adaptability to changing work-flows and responsibilities Grows with a team where expertise is shared and feedback is welcomed Excels at working independently to make timely decisions and take appropriate actions Experience as an end user of Siri, similar Intelligent Personal Assistants, or other AI Successfully meets or exceeds targets, working within tight deadlines Ability to identify business process solutions that increase efficiencies Ability to maintain focus and aim for high results through large volumes of tasks Description Our team is comprised of very talented individuals, who are passionate about AI/ML and ensuring Apple services are at their best. As part of the Annotation Team you'll play a central role in enhancing the user experience. We work in a fast paced, dynamic, technology focused environment. As an Annotation Analyst, you'll listen and transcribe audio files and evaluate Siri’s response and language usage, from customers who have opted in to the grading program. You'll use your language and cultural knowledge, along with analytical skills, to evaluate responses against guidelines. Your flexibility and the ability to prioritize tasks is essential. We focus on the user experience, thinking creatively on how customers use Siri and use this knowledge for improvements. Because we believe our individual backgrounds, perspectives, and passions help us build the ideas that move all of us forward. We'll train you to be an expert in understanding, supporting and improving the customer experience. This position comes with competitive pay, great benefits, eligibility to participate in our company stock plan, time off, and employee discount. We are seeking applicants with fluency in the Hebrew language. Education & Experience Bachelors degree or equivalent work experience preferred Additional Requirements Ability to work Monday- Friday from 9:00am-6:00pm local time; with scheduling and work flexibility based on business needs Positions with language skills require strong grammar and cultural awareness Successful completion of a pre-employment assessment and background check Successful completion of initial training and certification testing"
178,178,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=3082d02201822a59&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"Who we are: We are Accenture, a global professional services company and a leading partner to the world’s major cloud providers, including AWS, Azure, and Google. Our longstanding involvement with cloud technology (we have 34,000 completed cloud projects under our belt) was emphasized recently when we consolidated our multiple cloud teams into a single business practice called Accenture Cloud First. The organization is backed by a $3 billion investment over three years. As part of our Data & AI group, you will lead technology innovation for our clients through robust delivery of world-class solutions. There will never be a typical day and that’s why people love it here. The opportunities to make a difference within exciting client initiatives are unlimited in the ever-changing technology landscape. You will be part of a highly collaborative and growing network of technology and data experts, who are taking on today’s biggest, most complex business challenges using the latest data and analytics technologies. We will nurture your talent in an inclusive culture that values diversity. You will have an opportunity to work in roles such as Data Scientist, Data Engineer, or Chief Data Officer covering all aspects of Data including Data Management, Data Governance, Data Intelligence, Knowledge Graphs, and IoT. Come grow your career in Technology at Accenture!  What you need: 10+ years of engineering, technology architecture and delivery experience 10+ years of experience developing the strategy for and building data and analytics solutions 5+ years of experience in leading data strategy engagements involving the architecture of modern data platforms with technologies such as Big Data and Cloud 5+ years of management consulting experience Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience (minimum of 12 years), or an Associate degree with a minimum of 6 years of equivalent work experience. Bonus points if you have: Hands-on engineer with the ability to manage complex engineering projects with a “lean-in” leadership style Can speak with authority on the capabilities, strengths & weaknesses of the leading cloud platforms (Amazon Web Services, Azure, and Google Cloud). Extensive experience with enterprise data architecture for transactional systems, analytical platforms, master data management, data governance framework, data integration and large-scale data migration. Experience in DevOps Experience migrating applications and data to cloud platforms. Experience with relational and non-relational data platforms Experience with machine learning, artificial intelligence applications and Data Science development languages (R, Python, etc.). Understanding of data modeling principles, and Data Warehouse concepts (e.g., Kimball methodology for developing dimensional data models). Familiarity with data visualization and self-service BI/data warehousing/ advanced analytics tools. Methodologies for integration, data security, data governance and data sciences. As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is ($99,900-$168,499) and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
181,181,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=508a3d62c1ea8aa7&fccid=c1099851e9794854&vjs=3,"Summary Posted: Apr 30, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200219928 Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. The people here at Apple don’t just craft products - they build the kind of wonder thatʼs revolutionized entire industries. It’s the diversity of those people and their ideas that inspires the innovation that runs through everything we do, from amazing technology to industry-leading environmental efforts. Join Apple, and help us leave the world better than we found it. Are you interested in being part of a team that continues to innovate the way people and machines interact? The launch of Siri was a defining moment in the history of Artificial Intelligence. Siri offers a faster, easier way to get things done on your Apple devices, even before you ask. Millions of people now use Siri to send messages, play their favorite song or even take a selfie. The AI/ML team is passionate about technology with a focus on enriching the customer experience. We are looking for a motivated Annotation Analyst that demonstrates active listening, integrity, acute attention to detail, and is passionate about impacting our customer's experience. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. This position is located at the Apple corporate campus in San Diego, CA. Key Qualifications Fluency in the Hebrew language with excellent comprehension, grammar and proofreading skills Excellent English reading comprehension and writing skills Highly organized with strong attention to detail Excellent active listening skills with the ability to understand verbal nuances Understanding of the regions and cultural variations where Hebrew is spoken Demonstrates attention to detail and critical thinking skills in evaluation of Siri’s language usage and dialect Ability to independently navigate systems and tools Demonstrates integrity and focuses on customer privacy Experience in content review or a similar environment, prior testing experience preferred Demonstrates flexibility and adaptability to changing work-flows and responsibilities Grows with a team where expertise is shared and feedback is welcomed Excels at working independently to make timely decisions and take appropriate actions Experience as an end user of Siri, similar Intelligent Personal Assistants, or other AI Successfully meets or exceeds targets, working within tight deadlines Ability to identify business process solutions that increase efficiencies Ability to maintain focus and aim for high results through large volumes of tasks Description Our team is comprised of very talented individuals, who are passionate about AI/ML and ensuring Apple services are at their best. As part of the Annotation Team you'll play a central role in enhancing the user experience. We work in a fast paced, dynamic, technology focused environment. As an Annotation Analyst, you'll listen and transcribe audio files and evaluate Siri’s response and language usage, from customers who have opted in to the grading program. You'll use your language and cultural knowledge, along with analytical skills, to evaluate responses against guidelines. Your flexibility and the ability to prioritize tasks is essential. We focus on the user experience, thinking creatively on how customers use Siri and use this knowledge for improvements. Because we believe our individual backgrounds, perspectives, and passions help us build the ideas that move all of us forward. We'll train you to be an expert in understanding, supporting and improving the customer experience. This position comes with competitive pay, great benefits, eligibility to participate in our company stock plan, time off, and employee discount. We are seeking applicants with fluency in the Hebrew language. Education & Experience Bachelors degree or equivalent work experience preferred Additional Requirements Ability to work Monday- Friday from 9:00am-6:00pm local time; with scheduling and work flexibility based on business needs Positions with language skills require strong grammar and cultural awareness Successful completion of a pre-employment assessment and background check Successful completion of initial training and certification testing"
182,182,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=eae5f42670f360ee&fccid=3bcef03e34391ca8&vjs=3,"Come work at a place where innovation and teamwork come together to support the most exciting missions in the world! Works independently to develop sophisticated statistical models to analyze and predict complex business outcomes. Manages projects, and provides training and guidance and assigns tasks to less experienced staff members. Focused on deployment of inventory to store and purchasing of inventory into distribution centers from vendors. Principle Duties and Responsibilities:  Builds data structures and tools using advanced statistical modeling techniques and produces innovative, exploratory data analyses from complex and high-dimensional datasets. Designs, develops, and evaluates mathematical predictive models and advanced algorithms using tools such as R. Python, SQL, SAS, etc. Generates and tests hypotheses and analyzes and interprets results of experiments. Recognizes patters, identifies opportunities, poses business questions, and makes discoveries leading to prototype development and product improvement. Reports results and prepares recommendations in written, verbal and presentation form. Provides leadership to less experienced staff: includes activities such as guiding and training. Petco Animal Supplies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, protected veteran status, or any other protected classification. Category: Corporate Location: 10850 Via Frontera, San Diego, CA 92127 Schedule: Full_time"
184,184,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=3f1197baba5bec5a&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3," Knowledge of service-oriented architecture, software development, test and operation  At AWS AI, we want to make it easy for our customers to deploy machine learning models on any endpoint in the cloud or at the edge. Just as SageMaker provides a complete set of services to simplify the task of building and training a model, Neo provides an inference engine that is designed to run any machine learning model on any hardware.  Neo optimizes machine learning models to perform at up to twice the speed of the original framework with no loss in accuracy. Upload a pre-trained model built with MXNet, TensorFlow, PyTorch, or XGBoost to your S3 bucket, choose your target hardware platform from Intel, NVIDIA, or ARM, and with a single API call, SageMaker Neo optimizes the model, converts it into an executable module, and returns it to your S3 bucket. The free open source Neo runtime uses less than 100th of the space of the framework to run the model on the target hardware.  Amazon SageMaker Edge Manager provides a software agent that runs on edge devices for model inference and a separate cloud service for managing models on edge devices.  This role focuses on the cloud services for both of these two strategic AWS AI SageMaker services. Developers will have the opportunity to work on both areas.  The SageMaker Neo and Edge Manager team is growing rapidly to keep up with growth in customers and their requests. We are hiring well-rounded software developers with backgrounds in machine learning, systems, AI accelerators, and embedded systems. Join us to help AWS customers deploy machine learning models in the cloud and on edge devices at scale in production. Work on an open source industry-standard compiler and runtime for machine learning that is already deployed on over 20 million devices. You will have a passion for operational excellence, scale, and performance.  Inclusive Team Culture Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.  Work/Life Balance Our team puts a high value on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We believe striking the right balance between your personal and professional life is critical to life-long happiness and fulfillment. We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.  Mentorship & Career Growth Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. Our senior members enjoy one-on-one mentoring and thorough, but kind, code reviews. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded engineer and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.   Familiarity with ML operations services such as SageMaker or other industry standards, and/or AWS technologies Experience with Machine learning libraries like TensorFlow, MxNet and PyTorch Experience building large scale, high-performance systems in a complex, multi-tiered, distributed environment MS in Computer Science  Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."
185,185,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=65834bc50308aa95&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3," Bachelor’s degree in a highly quantitative field (Computer Science, Machine Learning, Operational Research, Statistics, Mathematics, etc.) or equivalent professional or military experience Experience with ML fields, e.g., natural language processing, computer vision, statistical learning theory 10+ years of industry experience in predictive modeling, data science, and analysis Experience in an ML engineer or data scientist role building and deploying ML models or hands on experience developing deep learning models Experience writing code in Python, R, Scala, Java, C++ with documentation for reproducibility Experience handling terabyte size datasets, diving into data to discover hidden patterns, using data visualization tools, writing SQL, and working with GPUs to develop models Experience writing and speaking about technical concepts to business, technical, and lay audiences and giving data-driven presentations  Want to help the largest global enterprises derive business value through the adoption of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML)? Excited by using massive amounts of disparate data to develop ML models? Eager to learn to apply ML to a diverse array of enterprise use cases? Thrilled to be a part of Amazon who has been pioneering and shaping the world’s AI/ML technology for decades?  At Amazon Web Services (AWS), we are helping large enterprises build ML models on the AWS Cloud. We are applying predictive technology to large volumes of data and against a wide spectrum of problems. AWS Professional Services works together with AWS customers to address their business needs using AI solutions.  AWS Professional Services is a unique consulting team. We pride ourselves on being customer obsessed and highly focused on the AI enablement of our customers. If you have experience with AI, including building ML models, we’d like to have you join our team. You will get to work with an innovative company, with great teammates, and have a lot of fun helping our customers. A successful candidate will be a person who enjoys diving deep into data, doing analysis, discovering root causes, and designing long-term solutions.  Inclusive Team Culture Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have thirteen employee-led affinity groups, reaching 85,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 16 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.  Work/Life Balance Our team puts a high value on work-life harmony. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here. We are a customer-obsessed organization—leaders start with the customer and work backwards. They work vigorously to earn and keep customer trust. As such, this is a customer facing role in a hybrid delivery model. Project engagements include remote delivery methods and onsite engagement that will include travel to customer locations as needed.  Mentorship & Career Growth Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded professional and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.  This is a customer-facing role and you will be required to travel to client locations and deliver professional services as needed.  Major responsibilities include:  Assist customers by being able to deliver a ML project from beginning to end, including understanding the business need, aggregating data, exploring data, building & validating predictive models, and deploying completed models with concept-drift monitoring and retraining to deliver business impact to the organization Use AWS AI services (e.g., Personalize), ML platforms (SageMaker), and frameworks (e.g., MXNet, TensorFlow, PyTorch, SparkML, scikit-learn) to help our customers build ML models Research and implement novel ML approaches, including hardware optimizations on platforms such as AWS Inferentia Work with our other Professional Services consultants (Big Data, IoT, HPC) to analyze, extract, normalize, and label relevant data, and with our Professional Services engineers to operationalize customers’ models after they are prototyped Mater’s degree of PhD in a highly quantitative field (Computer Science, Machine Learning, Operational Research, Statistics, Mathematics, etc.) Ability to develop strategic, baselined, data modeling processes; ability to accurately determine cause-and-effect relationships. Publications or presentations in recognized ML journals or conferences Deep technical skills, consulting experience, and business savvy to interface with all levels and disciplines within our customers’ organization Demonstrable track record of dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment  Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."
186,186,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=3ee22ea7b4481665&fccid=6e5a32280a829576&vjs=3,"Position Description: If you love high profile and challenging projects supporting the US Navy - Serco has a great opportunity for you! The Data Scientist will support US Navy in sunny San Diego, CA. Bring your data science, process analysis expertise and collaborative skills and make an impact towards our country’s military defense and the capabilities of our Sailors. You will be part of a team that works closely with the customer and other Serco team members to deliver high technology Naval systems. You will provide technical support for our customer as part of a team on-site in San Diego, CA The successful candidate will help lead manpower and training support efforts for US Navy C5ISR-related programs and systems, be able to imagine, identify and develop new ways of providing training to U.S. Navy Sailors. In this role, you will: Design / Develop Training Estimates of manpower, personnel, training, management, and acquisition requirements for assigned programs/capabilities Design / Test analyses for the Job Task Analysis (JTA), Training Situation Analysis (TSA), Training Systems Requirements Analysis (TSRA) and/or Training Situation Document (TSD), Manpower and Training Requirements Planning (MTRP), Training Device Coordinating Paper (TDDCP), Military Characteristic (MC), and Training Effectiveness Evaluation Plan (TEEP) documentation Analyze / Conduct Manpower and Training Requirements Planning (MTRP) , examining alternative system concepts early in the acquisition process to determine the best possible Manpower Training (MPT) profile for assigned programs/capabilities Qualifications:  To be successful in this role, you will have: Masters Degree or ten (10) years related relevant experience; or a Bachelor’s degree plus four (5) years related relevant experience  Active Secret clearance required If you are interested in supporting with our military and working with a passionate Serco team then submit your application now for immediate consideration. It only takes a few minutes and could change your career!  Company Overview:  Serco Inc. (Serco) is the Americas division of Serco Group, plc. Serco serves every branch of the U.S. military, numerous U.S. Federal civilian agencies, the Intelligence Community, the Canadian government, state and local governments, and commercial clients. We help our clients deliver vital services more efficiently while increasing the satisfaction of their end customers. Headquartered in Herndon, Virginia, Serco Americas has over 9,000 employees and is part of a $4 billion global business that helps transform government and public services around the world. At Serco, our employees are our most valuable asset - we listen, respect and support them throughout their career at Serco. We invite you to become part of our dynamic team. Serco is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversifying our workforce (Race/ Color/ Sex/ Sexual Orientation/ Gender Identity/ Religion/ National Origin/ Disability/ Vets). To review Serco benefits please visit: https://www.serco.com/na/careers/benefits-of-choosing-serco. If you require an accommodation with the application process please email: careers@serco-na.com or call the HR Service Desk at 800-628-6458, option 1. Please note, due to EEOC/OFCCP compliance, Serco is unable to accept resumes by email. Serco does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies without being a contracted approved vendor. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of Serco and will not be obligated to pay a placement or contract fee. If you are interested in becoming an approved vendor at Serco, please email Agencies@serco-na.com."
187,187,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=fecb9736cc381d4e&fccid=170914eb7be2b59c&vjs=3,"Job Type: Full Time Compensation is commensurate with relevant experience.  Streamlyne is a dynamic, fast-growing enterprise SaaS company that partners with university research departments and independent research institutions. Our aim is to help the research sector become more efficient with their processes so that they can focus on groundbreaking research.  Beyond our research administration software, for the research sector, we have software platforms that leverage Machine Learning (ML) and data analytics. Streamlyne is looking to augment its ML team with a dynamic individual who will help develop amazing products.  The ML Engineer at Streamlyne is a customer-facing member of Streamlyne’s ML project team, plays many important roles, and has a significant impact on the growth of the company and improvement of its ML-based product line.    Please send your resume and cover letter to careers@streamlyne.com along with the title of the position that you are applying for. The ML Engineer is expected to contribute as follows:  Duties Work on both new and existing machine learning models. Perform model tuning, data preprocessing, text parsing and normalization. Proficient in general Python programming, including web services. Implement and assess various Python packages, modules, and libraries for functionality, including NumPy or other data analytics tools. Develop and optimize NLP models for rapid iteration of our AI SaaS products. Diligently document all developed models, packages, and libraries. Lead or assist in training other team members. Stay abreast of current trends in the ML/Artificial Intelligence (AI) world and validate/apply relevant practices internally. Proactively participate in the product meetings and provide demos to executives and other internal/external teams. Perform other duties as assigned. This Position Requires You To: Be able to work at a pace required by a rapidly growing, profit-driven Ed Tech business. Be driven to acquire and internalize new information quickly. Possess a natural aptitude for software-supported business processes and design, to include an appreciation for formal logic and a genuine love of problem-solving. Feel comfortable speaking in front of small and large groups of people. Coordinate assigned work with other team members and follow up on delegated items. Possess an intrinsic passion to pursue assigned work to the highest personal ability and integrity. Be kind, flexible, proactive, and able to maintain productivity in the face of ambiguity. Appreciate a fast-paced environment in which no two days are the same. Fit into a group of highly integrated, highly communicative, fundamentally unpolitical and tightly knit but geographically dispersed team. Proactively analyze personal progress, project progress, potential risk areas, and proactively communicate that analysis to management. Be effective at working remotely with flexible hours, generally from home, serving Coast-to-Coast time zones and supporting team members in different geographic locations. Qualifications Bachelor’s degree and/or 2-3 years of experience in development, training and optimization of machine learning models. 2 + years of experience with Natural Language Processing (NLP), text preprocessing and cleaning using Python libraries. Exposure to NLTK, Genism and SciPy. Familiar with at least one of the deep learning toolkits, such as PyTorch, TensorFlow and MxNet. 2 + years of experience working on database integration and SQL commands. 1 + years of working experience on implementing transfer learning mechanism and productionizing, optimizing trained Machine Learning model using Flask/Django. 1 + years of experience working with CI/CD pipeline and Git repository is a plus. 1 + years of cloud experience with AWS, Azure or GCP. Working experience with cloud storage systems (e.g., Azure Blob Storage, Azure Web App), and cloud tools used for ML services (e.g., Redis cache) is required. Experience in Java programming is a huge plus.  We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Please send your resume and cover letter to careers@streamlyne.com along with the title of the position that you are applying for."
188,188,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=c66c7e25daf78a46&fccid=3bcef03e34391ca8&vjs=3,"Come work at a place where innovation and teamwork come together to support the most exciting missions in the world! Position Summary: As a Sr. Data Scientist in the, Advanced Analytics group at Petco eCommerce, you'll discover insights that drive operational and product strategy for Petco customers. You will lead projects end to end and have the opportunity to work with huge, diverse and rapidly growing data sets to understand our customers pain points and optimize their experience Essential Job Functions: Retrieve, synthesize, and present critical data in a format that is immediately useful to answering specific questions or improving system performance. Analyze historical data to identify trends and support decision making. Improve upon existing methodologies by developing new data sources, testing model enhancements, and fine-tuning model parameters. Provide requirements to develop analytic capabilities, platforms, and pipelines. Apply statistical or machine learning knowledge to specific business problems and data. Build decision-making models and propose solution for the business problem you defined Conduct written and verbal presentation to share insights and recommendations to audiences of varying levels of technical sophistication. Utilize code (Python/R/SQL) for data analyzing and modeling algorithms Designs, develops, and presents strategic recommendations that directly address key business questions Conducts tracking and measurement of KPIs related to recommendations and socializes to the broader teams Perform predictive modeling and business analysis by leveraging consumer insights to develop, and recommend product/pricing strategies for promotions, seasonal opportunities, forecasting inventories, etc. Other Duties and Responsibilities Interact professionally and effectively through verbal and written communication with all professional contacts with emphasis on company interests. Independently prioritize and accomplish multiple tasks within established timeframes. Perform other related duties, tasks and responsibilities as required, assigned and directed. Education and Experience MS in computer science, artificial intelligence, statistics, physics or related quantitative field. PhD in these fields is a plus. 2+years of experience applying data science/machine learning/deep learning methodologies to real-world problems. Experience with recommendation algorithm, reinforcement learning, deep learning, or NLP is a plus Expertise in analyzing large, complex, multi-dimensional data sets with a variety of tools, including Python, SQ. Experience with big data technologies, disturbed data query and computing engine. Must be self-driven and passionate about retail and must be customer centric. Demonstrable track record of dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment 2+years of experience applying data science/machine learning/deep learning methodologies to real-world problems. Experience with recommendation algorithm, reinforcement/deep learning. Expertise in analyzing large, complex, multi-dimensional data sets with a variety of tools, including Python, SQL. Experience with big data technologies, disturbed data query and computing engine. Experience deploying machine learning systems using AWS, GCP or Docker. Experience developing customizable, modular, and scalable deep learning algorithms in Tensor-flow/Keras/Pytorch Have good understanding of statistical theory, distribution, experimental design, multivariable calculus, linear algebra, and how computational algorithms work Hands on experience with BI tools; Tableau /R shiny/Looker Ability to explain/present complicated/advanced analytical methodology and results to non-technical audiences Excellent communication skills Excellent quantitative modeling, statistical analysis skills and problem-solving skills. Sophisticated user of statistical tools Related experience in a retail organization is a strong plus, however strategic consulting and analytics capabilities are the core requirements.  Petco Animal Supplies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, protected veteran status, or any other protected classification. Category: Corporate Location: 10850 Via Frontera, San Diego, CA 92127 Schedule: Full_time"
191,191,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ad3d7135e68d768f&fccid=e2b51afb408c5eed&vjs=3,"We are seeking a talented Statistician at either junior or senior levels to join the dynamic bioinformatics/biostatistics team at Epic sciences. The candidates will be providing statistical and data analysis support and guidance to the translational research, development and clinical studies at Epic Sciences. Working closely with bench scientists and clinicians, you will lead end-to-end studies from hypotheses and experimental design, to analysis plans, implementation, and pipelining, to methods assessment and result reporting or publication. You will be working with a variety of data types generated by Epic’s comprehensive cancer profiling platforms and technologies (eg, circulating tumor cell (CTC) IF analysis, single cell genomics, proteomics, and others). Expertise and knowledge of state-of-the art sequencing tools/platforms, analysis methods and annotation methods are highly desirable. We accommodate a flexible working schedule to facilitate work-life balance. ELEMENTS: Education/Experience: Requires a minimum of master’s degree in (bio)statistics, public health or other relevant quantitative fields. Successful applicants are likely to have these skill sets: experience in clinical trial design and clinical trial data analysis; experience with data analysis using R, Python, or MATLAB software); experience in diagnostic/prognostic product development; experience in analysis of omics data (desired); experience with regulatory agency interactions (a plus); and experience using optimal experimental design techniques (a plus). Communication Skill: Works effectively with both internal and external audiences to analyze, interpret, and summarize data both orally and in writing; ability to write material suitable for publication, ability to write documentation.  Interpersonal Skill: Works effectively both as an individual and part of a team; can manage relationships with external customers effectively. Participate in authoring work for professional publications/journals, collaborate with KOL's and documentation of novel IP as appropriate. Judgment: Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously; ability to integrate new data into existing predictive models, deep understanding of various data analysis techniques Able to work with significant independence and help set strategic research direction.  Execution: Works effectively with other disciplines to identify ways to improve/create existing data models. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Knowledge of computer systems and technologies Knowledge of clinical trial design Effective verbal, written and presentation skills, both technical and non-technical Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills Good interpersonal skills Ability to work in a team environment across multiple disciplines (internal and external) Ability to multi-task, manage time and meet deadlines. Ability to monitor work to ensure quality, completeness, and accuracy. Ability to stay current with advances in the field. ADDITIONAL DUTIES: May perform additional duties as assigned or directed by management from time to time. REQUIRED COMPETENCIES: Performance Orientation – Is driven by personal performance; achieves all objectives detailed in scorecards and comfortable with quantifiable assessments. Impact Orientation – Performs to stated objectives and driven to make an impact on company goals and patients’ lives. Competitive – Dedicated to a competitive spirit that supports the Epic Sciences’ goal to be the premier CTC technology in the industry. Sense of Urgency – Has the speed and agility dedicated to the company’s goals and performance. Ability to Handle Pressure and Ambiguity – Comfortable with the pressure to be the best and the ability maintain composure and focus in situations of ambiguity and uncertainty. Confidence - Confident in one’s skills and abilities; pursues everything with energy; demonstrates the drive and a need to finish especially in the face of resistance or setbacks. 4ZJJKdBKdk"
192,192,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=669a1ec9f1421efe&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries, we offer Strategy and Consulting, Interactive, Technology and Operations services—all powered by the world’s largest network of Advanced Technology and Intelligent Operations centers. Our 514,000 people deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity every day, serving clients in more than 120 countries. We embrace the power of change to create value and shared success for our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities. Visit us at www.accenture.com. We are: Applied Intelligence, the people who love using data to tell a story. We’re also the world’s largest team of data scientists, data engineers, and experts in machine learning and AI. A great day for us? Solving big problems using the latest tech, serious brain power, and deep knowledge of just about every industry. We believe a mix of data, analytics, automation, and responsible AI can do almost anything—spark digital metamorphoses, widen the range of what humans can do, and breathe life into smart products and services. Want to join our crew of sharp analytical minds? Visit us here to find out more about Applied Intelligence. You are: Both a data maven and a strategist with serious analytical and statistical chops who can architect and lead business transformation projects from start to finish. You know how to interrogate data to get insights to inform strategy and drive business optimization. Clients listen to you because you are a strong communicator and passionate problem-solver - and have the skill depth and moxie to back it up The work: Manage strategy development and functional insight operating model skills to influence client digital agenda. Partner with clients to make bold decisions intersecting business and digital technology operations. Understand client industry landscape in the context of economic social trends. Adapt and implement digital transformation solutions and driver value led work. Map clients state of digital maturity, leveraging and embedding data science in digital strategy development and implementation.  Here’s what you need:  Bachelor degree or Master degree in a quantitative field such as statistics, econometrics, mathematics, marketing, or operations analysis. Double bonus if you have a PhD.  3+ years using AI and data science to achieve business goals in large orgs  3+ years working in Healthcare, Technology, Software, Products, or Resources industry; strong familiarity with common industry use cases 3+ years working in a consulting capacity helping clients make their companies work better Bonus points if:  3+ years heading up teams, juggling multiple projects from multiple locations  3+ years of strategy experience You are a gifted communicator and presenter You know your way around ML and AI technical architecture Racking up those air miles will have to wait, as weekly non-essential travel to client sites Monday through Thursday is currently suspended. For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts. As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $84,300 - $125,999 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
197,197,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a4eaa55a08e80a44&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3," A MS in CS, Machine Learning, Statistics, Operations Research or in a highly quantitative field 4+ years of hands-on experience in predictive modeling and large data analysis Strong ML breadth and depth Strong skills with SQL Strong skills with Python/Spark/Perl (or similar) Communication and data presentation skills Strong problem solving ability  Do you want to join an innovative team of scientists who use machine learning and statistical techniques to help Amazon provide the best customer experience by automatically mitigating risk and providing support solutions?  Do you want to build advanced algorithmic systems that help manage the trust and safety of millions of customer interactions every day?  Are you excited by the prospect of analyzing and modeling terabytes of data and creating state-of-art algorithms to solve real world problems?  Do you like to build end-to-end business solutions and directly impact the profitability of the company? Do you like to innovate and simplify tasks and processes?  If yes, then you may be a great fit to join the Machine Learning Accelerator team in the Amazon Customer Trust and Partner Support group.  Major responsibilities  Use statistical and machine learning techniques to create the next generation of scalable risk management and support systems. Analyze and understand large amounts of Amazon’s historical business data for specific instances of risk or broader risk trends. Design, development and evaluation of highly innovative models for risk management. Work closely with teams of scientists and software engineers to drive real-time model implementations and new feature creations. Establish scalable, efficient, automated processes for large scale data analyses, model development, model validation and model implementation. Research and implement novel machine learning and statistical approaches.  Please visit https://www.amazon.science for more information   A PhD in CS, Machine Learning, Statistics, Operations Research 6+ years of industry experience in predictive modeling and analysis Superior ML breadth and depth Expert skills with SQL Expert skills with Spark/Python/Perl (or similar) Superior problem solving ability  Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us"
198,198,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=30ed3d93d93bbc67&fccid=66ec9f92154fbe22&vjs=3,"Established in 2008, Reliant provides short term working capital for small and mid-sized businesses nationwide. Reliant has been named to the Inc. 500/5000 for 7 consecutive years and San Diego Business Journal’s 100 Fastest Growing Private Companies the past 7 years. Reliant is a leading alternative source for Small Business Funding, the 28th fastest growing Financial Services company in the United States. We are currently seeking a Senior Data Analyst with a finance or operations experience in a services industry. This candidate should have a knack for synthesizing information from multiple sources, developing assumptions, and using data analysis to draw conclusions. Ideal candidate has the strong communications skills required to succeed as part of a dynamic cross functional team. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Develop and create reports and presentations to communicate business insights for internal customers Mine and analyze internal data sets and reports to help stakeholders develop action plans and / or draw conclusions Build prototypes for demonstration and illustration purposes for peer groups, Business partners, or senior leaders Enhance and automate queries from data sources such as relational databases and flat files Create and manage reports & dashboards in Tableau Develop new and better analytics approaches to solve questions in a creative way Deliver key insights with interpretation and recommendation, contributes to the development of hypotheses and actions, and presents them to management team Education and Experience Bachelor’s Degree preferred in Business Administration, Finance, or similar field 5+ Years of finance, business analyst, or business intelligence experience required Experience in preparation executive reporting, finance, and operational reports Skills and Abilities Extensive experience with Excel Experience with Tableau, PowerBI, or related data analysis tools to aggregate and analyze data collected from various sources Experience with Salesforce.com a plus Exposure to Snowflake and Alteryx is a plus Trusted to work independently with stakeholders at all levels Ability to communicate information to senior executives for decision making purposes Ability to execute projects and tasks with minimal guidance and supervision Excellent oral and written communication skills Strong research and creative problem-solving skills Excellent data gathering, analytical, and problem-solving skills Qualifications To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  Physical Demands The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Essential functions of this role include sitting and standing for long periods of time, typing, data entry, reading on a computer, and communicating face to face and on telephone.  Work Environment The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  We OfferMedical, Vision and Dental BenefitsGroup Life, LTD and AD&D (Employer paid)401K with matchGroup team building eventsFree onsite gymPaid sick, vacation and holidaysFun work environmentCasual dress code  Reliant Funding is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE) and takes great pride in building a diverse work environment. Qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to age, race, religion, gender, national origin, sexual orientation, disability or veteran status."
200,200,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=42ef7cce6ee50e91&fccid=9784ae78e9834539&vjs=3," A business data analyst (BDA) leads and partners on business initiatives that rely on data and analytics. The BDA is responsible for providing analytical partnership for aligned functional group, clearly communicating insights to senior leaders and collaborating cross data teams to drive broader data improvements. This includes identifying insights-based business opportunities, partnering on initiative design, overseeing initiative execution, and tracking business outcome. They apply business acumen and analytical skills to provide direction at each phase of varied business initiatives they support."
201,201,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=4038f665f7d1f2f8&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3," Masters degree in computer science, engineering, or related technical/scientific field 7+ years of professional experience in a business environment 4+ years of relevant experience in building large scale machine learning or deep learning models and/or systems 1+ year of experience specifically with deep learning (e.g., CNN, RNN, LSTM) Experience in using Python, R, or other programming language  Machine learning (ML) has been strategic to Amazon from the early years. We are pioneers in areas such as recommendation engines, product search, eCommerce fraud detection, and large-scale optimization of fulfillment center operations.  The Amazon ML Solutions Lab team helps AWS customers accelerate the use of machine learning to solve business and operational challenges and promote innovation in their organization. In this role, you will be designing and developing advanced ML models to solve diverse challenges and opportunities. You will be working with terabytes of text, images, and other types of data to solve real-world problems. You'll design and run experiments, research new algorithms, and find new ways of optimizing risk, profitability, and customer experience.  We’re looking for talented applied scientists capable of applying classical ML algorithms and cutting-edge deep learning (DL) and reinforcement learning approaches to areas such as drug discovery, customer segmentation, fraud prevention, capacity planning, predictive maintenance, pricing optimization, call center analytics, player pose estimation, event detection, and virtual assistant among others.  The primary responsibilities of this role are to:  Design, develop, and evaluate innovative ML/DL models to solve diverse challenges and opportunities across industries Interact with customer directly to understand their business problems, and help them with defining and implementing scalable ML/DL solutions to solve them Work closely with account teams, research scientist teams, and product engineering teams to drive model implementations and new algorithms  This position requires travel of up to 25%.  Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.  Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.  Mentorship & Career Growth Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. Our senior members enjoy one-on-one mentoring and thorough, but kind, code reviews. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded engineer and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future. This position is located in the San Francisco Bay area. Locations in the greater US West region may be considered.   PhD degree in computer science, engineering, or related technical/scientific field Hands on experience building models with deep learning frameworks like MXNet, Tensorflow, Keras, Caffe, PyTorch, or similar Strong communication and data presentation skills Strong attention to detail Comfortable working in a fast paced, highly collaborative, dynamic work environment Ability to think creatively and solve problems  Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit ﻿https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us﻿."
202,202,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=eaea01563f59db04&fccid=24a3456d3ce2ad08&vjs=3,"Digital Health Technology team powers digital experiences and engagement to enhance the lives of millions of people every day through connected care. We build, deliver and manage a portfolio of data management platforms and mobile offerings in support of our core businesses. We thrive on simple and elegant architecture and agility. You’ll be immersed in a dynamic high-growth environment and empowered to excel, take informed risks, and drive ingenuity across the enterprise. Let’s talk about the team and you: The Data Science and AI/ML team collaborates across the organization to identify, develop and deliver Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) powered software solutions that improve patient outcomes, delight our partners and customers, and improve the way we do business in an “AI First” fashion. On any given day, the team could be working on building sophisticated models to delivering personalized recommendations to patients to improve their sleep, identify optimal equipment and settings using our unparalleled store of billion+ nights of sleep data, proactively identify other health risk factors, or help optimize complex, global supply chain operations. The Senior Data Scientist will undertake applied research and development in the areas of data science and biomedical informatics, and outcomes research, using the latest technologies in machine learning and distributed computing. The platform and algorithms developed may be used in a range of diagnostic and therapeutic applications, such as sleep disorder breathing, chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder, and other respiratory disorders, as well as co-morbidities such as congestive heart failure and diabetes and chronic disease management. Let's talk responsibilities: Research, customization, and development of statistical and machine learning algorithms to meet complex project requirements; tasks include defining hypotheses, executing necessary tests and experiments, evaluating, tuning and optimizing algorithms and methods to specific situations. Analysis of big data for data-driven solution validation, evaluation and technology innovation. Optimize data analysis processes and systems for better efficiency and maintainability. Leading sub-functional and small project teams. Mentoring and training more junior team members and serving as a best-practice resource for statistics and machine learning. Writing of documents that clearly explain how algorithms should be implemented, verified and validated. Writing documents for use in the preparation of intellectual property and technical publications. Monitoring the literature of interest and industrial development trends, broadly in the areas of data analysis and machine learning. Understanding regulatory requirements, such as those mandated by the FDA. Working within the ResMed Quality system, standards and maintaining training requirements. Being ever mindful of the requirements of the wider market and ResMed stakeholders. Let's talk qualifications and experience: Expert in statistical analysis methods, including analysis of variance, regression, time series analysis, survival analysis, etc. Extensive knowledge in machine learning fundamental theories and data mining technologies. Solid foundation with development of data analytics systems, including data exploration/crawling, feature engineering, model building, performance evaluation, and online deployment of models. Proficient with server-side programming in Python/Java. Hands-on experience in handling large and distributed datasets on Hadoop, Spark, Hive, Pig or Storm, etc. Strong database skills and experience, including experience with SQL programming and AWS experience would be great. Knowledge in big data technologies including cloud computing/distributed computing, data fusion, and data visualization. A background in or exposure to biomedical engineering, outcomes research, medical science or physiology. Optimisation of algorithm complexity vs. accuracy vs. implementation cost. Implementing robust software for use in research programs with a minimum of review and other formal process 5 - 6 years’ industry or academic experience in data science. Post-graduate research experience (Masters or PhD) in a field encompassing Data Science, Applied Statistics, Biomedical Informatics, or Outcomes Research. Let’s talk about what you can expect: A supportive environment that focuses on people development and best practices Opportunity to design, influence and be innovative Work with global teams and share new ideas Be supported both inside and outside of the work environment The opportunity to build something meaningful and see a direct positive impact on people’s lives #LI-BV1 Joining us is more than saying “yes” to making the world a healthier place. It’s discovering a career that’s challenging, supportive and inspiring. Where a culture driven by excellence helps you not only meet your goals, but also create new ones. We focus on creating a diverse and inclusive culture, encouraging individual expression in the workplace and thrive on the innovative ideas this generates. If this sounds like the workplace for you, apply now!"
206,206,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=dbc762a0766efff2&fccid=3bcef03e34391ca8&vjs=3,"Come work at a place where innovation and teamwork come together to support the most exciting missions in the world! Position Summary:  As a Senior Data Scientist in the newly created Enterprise Analytics and Data Science team at Petco, you'll lead projects to build Petco’s Omnichannel experience by working on machine learning models in the areas of customer, pricing, inventory, space and assortment. These ML models will help discover insights that drive customer, operational and product strategy for Stores, eCommerce and Services. A majority of your time will be spent working on the following: Data generation: Use customer, operational and interaction data to build datasets that can be consumed by various models and reports in the company.  Analytical modeling: Data modeling, exploratory data analysis, and feature selection using advanced statistical methods and techniques.  Model Validation: Calibrating models to provide interpretable and repeatable outputs by using various metrics like ROC, RMSE, quantile loss, etc.  Deployment: Model output will be consumed by various teams to create a customer experience that is the best in the industry.  Documentation: Clear documentation of the objective, statistical model, and results. Essential Job Functions: The incumbent must be able to perform all of the following duties and responsibilities with or without a reasonable accommodation.  Build, maintain, optimize, and productionize machine learning frameworks to quantify the impact our actions on Petco’s omni-channel business. Create new data pipelines using the latest technologies that seamlessly integrate with multiple databases at Petco. Retrieve, synthesize, and present critical data in a format that is immediately useful to answering specific questions or improving system performance. Identify scalable opportunities by analyzing historical data and collaborate with business stakeholders to assess their impact. Improve upon existing methodologies by developing new data sources, testing model enhancements, and fine-tuning model parameters. Provide requirements to develop analytic capabilities, platforms, and pipelines. Apply statistical or machine learning knowledge to identify and solve specific business problems and data. Conduct written and verbal presentation to share insights and recommendations to audiences of varying levels of technical sophistication. Utilize code (Python/R/SQL) for data analyzing and modeling algorithms. Conducts tracking and measurement of KPIs related to multiple business areas.  Education and Experience  MS/PhD in Statistics, Math, Engineering, Economics or related field Previous experience working with Machine Learning/Deep Learning for real world problems in a corporate environment is a must. Must be self-driven and passionate about retail and must be customer centric. Demonstrable track record of dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment 4+ years’ experience in business analytics and data science Advanced proficiency with SQL Proficiency with multiple analytics tools required; Python or R required. Hands on experience with BI tools; Tableau /R shiny/Looker Ability to explain/present complicated/advanced analytical methodology and results to non-technical executive audiences Excellent communication skills Advanced quantitative modeling, statistical analysis skills, programming and problem-solving skills. Related experience in a retail organization is a strong plus Petco Animal Supplies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, protected veteran status, or any other protected classification. Category: Corporate Location: 10850 Via Frontera, San Diego, CA 92127 Schedule: Full_time"
208,208,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=aeded47cc6a615b2&fccid=3bcef03e34391ca8&vjs=3,"Come work at a place where innovation and teamwork come together to support the most exciting missions in the world! Position Summary:  As a Principal Data Scientist in the newly created Enterprise Analytics and Data Science team at Petco, you'll lead the design and build of production level machine learning models to optimizing pricing decisions for Stores, eCommerce and Services. You’ll lead the data science roadmap to test various pricing strategies and frameworks. You’ll test hypotheses by combining data observations, and developing innovative mathematical and statistical pricing models. A majority of your time will be spent working on the following: Hypothesis/Roadmap Formulation: Observe customer behavior to define hypothesis to test in the areas of CRM, Pricing, Promotions, Inventory or Merchandizing Data generation: Use internal customer interactions and transactions online and in store and external data sources to build datasets that can be consumed by various models and reports for models Analytical modeling: Data modeling, exploratory data analysis, and feature selection using advanced statistical methods and techniques. Model Validation: Calibrating models to provide interpretable and repeatable outputs by using various metrics like ROC, RMSE, quantile loss, etc. Deployment: Model output will be consumed by various teams to create a customer experience that is the best in the industry. Documentation: Clear documentation of the objective, statistical model, and results. Essential Job Functions: The incumbent must be able to perform all of the following duties and responsibilities with or without a reasonable accommodation. Act as company wide SME to Design, Build, maintain, optimize, and productionize machine learning models for the area of assignment Create new data pipelines using the latest technologies that seamlessly integrate with multiple databases at Petco. Retrieve, synthesize, and present critical data in a format that is immediately useful to answering specific questions or improving system performance. Identify scalable opportunities to improve our customer lifetime value by driving pricing decisions. Improve upon existing methodologies by developing new data sources, testing model enhancements, and fine-tuning model parameters. Provide requirements to develop analytic capabilities, platforms, and pipelines. Conduct written and verbal presentation to share insights and recommendations to audiences of varying levels of technical sophistication. Utilize code (Python/R/SQL) for data analyzing and modeling algorithms. Conducts tracking and measurement of KPIs related to multiple business areas. Manage and mentor data scientists to deliver on the roadmap.  Education and Experience  MS/PhD in Statistics, Math, Engineering, Economics or related field Previous experience working with Machine Learning/Deep Learning for real world problems is a must. Pricing would be a bonus. You have deep interests in pricing, business strategy, and consumer behavior Must be self-driven and passionate about retail and must be customer centric. Demonstrable track record of dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment 8+ years’ experience in business analytics and data science Proficient with SQL Proficiency with multiple analytics tools required; Python or R strongly preferred Hands on experience with BI tools; Tableau /R shiny/Looker Ability to explain/present complicated/advanced analytical methodology and results to non-technical audiences Excellent communication skills Excellent quantitative modeling, statistical analysis skills and problem-solving skills. Related experience in a retail organization is a strong plus Petco Animal Supplies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, protected veteran status, or any other protected classification. Category: Corporate Location: 10850 Via Frontera, San Diego, CA 92127 Schedule: Full_time"
209,209,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=eaea01563f59db04&fccid=24a3456d3ce2ad08&vjs=3,"Digital Health Technology team powers digital experiences and engagement to enhance the lives of millions of people every day through connected care. We build, deliver and manage a portfolio of data management platforms and mobile offerings in support of our core businesses. We thrive on simple and elegant architecture and agility. You’ll be immersed in a dynamic high-growth environment and empowered to excel, take informed risks, and drive ingenuity across the enterprise. Let’s talk about the team and you: The Data Science and AI/ML team collaborates across the organization to identify, develop and deliver Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) powered software solutions that improve patient outcomes, delight our partners and customers, and improve the way we do business in an “AI First” fashion. On any given day, the team could be working on building sophisticated models to delivering personalized recommendations to patients to improve their sleep, identify optimal equipment and settings using our unparalleled store of billion+ nights of sleep data, proactively identify other health risk factors, or help optimize complex, global supply chain operations. The Senior Data Scientist will undertake applied research and development in the areas of data science and biomedical informatics, and outcomes research, using the latest technologies in machine learning and distributed computing. The platform and algorithms developed may be used in a range of diagnostic and therapeutic applications, such as sleep disorder breathing, chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder, and other respiratory disorders, as well as co-morbidities such as congestive heart failure and diabetes and chronic disease management. Let's talk responsibilities: Research, customization, and development of statistical and machine learning algorithms to meet complex project requirements; tasks include defining hypotheses, executing necessary tests and experiments, evaluating, tuning and optimizing algorithms and methods to specific situations. Analysis of big data for data-driven solution validation, evaluation and technology innovation. Optimize data analysis processes and systems for better efficiency and maintainability. Leading sub-functional and small project teams. Mentoring and training more junior team members and serving as a best-practice resource for statistics and machine learning. Writing of documents that clearly explain how algorithms should be implemented, verified and validated. Writing documents for use in the preparation of intellectual property and technical publications. Monitoring the literature of interest and industrial development trends, broadly in the areas of data analysis and machine learning. Understanding regulatory requirements, such as those mandated by the FDA. Working within the ResMed Quality system, standards and maintaining training requirements. Being ever mindful of the requirements of the wider market and ResMed stakeholders. Let's talk qualifications and experience: Expert in statistical analysis methods, including analysis of variance, regression, time series analysis, survival analysis, etc. Extensive knowledge in machine learning fundamental theories and data mining technologies. Solid foundation with development of data analytics systems, including data exploration/crawling, feature engineering, model building, performance evaluation, and online deployment of models. Proficient with server-side programming in Python/Java. Hands-on experience in handling large and distributed datasets on Hadoop, Spark, Hive, Pig or Storm, etc. Strong database skills and experience, including experience with SQL programming and AWS experience would be great. Knowledge in big data technologies including cloud computing/distributed computing, data fusion, and data visualization. A background in or exposure to biomedical engineering, outcomes research, medical science or physiology. Optimisation of algorithm complexity vs. accuracy vs. implementation cost. Implementing robust software for use in research programs with a minimum of review and other formal process 5 - 6 years’ industry or academic experience in data science. Post-graduate research experience (Masters or PhD) in a field encompassing Data Science, Applied Statistics, Biomedical Informatics, or Outcomes Research. Let’s talk about what you can expect: A supportive environment that focuses on people development and best practices Opportunity to design, influence and be innovative Work with global teams and share new ideas Be supported both inside and outside of the work environment The opportunity to build something meaningful and see a direct positive impact on people’s lives #LI-BV1 Joining us is more than saying “yes” to making the world a healthier place. It’s discovering a career that’s challenging, supportive and inspiring. Where a culture driven by excellence helps you not only meet your goals, but also create new ones. We focus on creating a diverse and inclusive culture, encouraging individual expression in the workplace and thrive on the innovative ideas this generates. If this sounds like the workplace for you, apply now!"
218,218,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=2cbd4c6c4eba585a&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3," Bachelor's degree in a quantitative field such as Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Computer Science, Economics, Business; or equivalent professional experience 5+ years of relevant experience as a Business Analyst, Data Analyst, or another related occupation Strong communication skills - both written and verbal Experience with Microsoft Excel in terms of Pivot Tables, Decks, Automation, ODBC Data sources 3 – 4 Years of experience with SQL and relational databases Dashboard experience with such Quicksight, Tableau, or other BI reporting tools  Amazon’s Small Business Empowerment program is looking for a talented Business Analyst to join the team and assist with deriving insights through data in support of small businesses. This person will be instrumental in measuring our progress and identifying opportunities to deliver value for small businesses. Our mission is to better understand the needs of Small Businesses WW, ensure that Amazon is aware of these needs, and share externally what Amazon is doing for Small Businesses. The ideal candidate will be comfortable working with large and complex datasets and generating insights to help small businesses thrive on Amazon. They will be comfortable working across a wide range of stakeholders and translating business requirements into meaningful data insights. As we invent new ways to measure our performance, we will need a talented Business Analyst to:  Automate weekly, monthly, and quarterly reporting with a combination of SQL, Excel and BI tools such that can scale globally Partner with Business, Legal, and Tech stakeholders to understand challenges and provide data/analysis to help drive projects Uncover trends and correlations through data mining and analysis to develop insights that can help our stakeholders to make effective decisions Build dashboards and tools that will allow our team and cross-functional partners to self-service their data needs whenever possible Understand the tools used within the Small Business Empowerment Insights team and drive product and tech solutions with data Perform ad-hoc queries to support data pulls for stakeholders  This role requires strong attention to detail, excellent analytical abilities, deep knowledge of business intelligence solutions, solid work ethic and drive, the ability to work independently and with primary stakeholders to solve complex medium and large scale issues, the ability to recommend solutions to various problems, and the skill to manage both with and without authority. The successful candidate will be a motivated self-starter, comfortable with ambiguity, and will be comfortable accessing and working with data from multiple sources.   Understanding of data warehousing, data modeling concepts, and building new data tables Experience with Python, PostgreSQL, and/or R is a plus Ability to use hard data and metrics to back up assumptions and develop business cases Ability to demonstrate sound judgment even in ambiguous situations. Experience working cross-functionally with technical and non-technical individuals Detail oriented, yet able to look at a wide array of choices and identify what truly matters. A proven track record of delivering initiatives from conception through completion on time, within budget and on or beyond scope  Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."
223,223,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=4038f665f7d1f2f8&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3," Masters degree in computer science, engineering, or related technical/scientific field 7+ years of professional experience in a business environment 4+ years of relevant experience in building large scale machine learning or deep learning models and/or systems 1+ year of experience specifically with deep learning (e.g., CNN, RNN, LSTM) Experience in using Python, R, or other programming language  Machine learning (ML) has been strategic to Amazon from the early years. We are pioneers in areas such as recommendation engines, product search, eCommerce fraud detection, and large-scale optimization of fulfillment center operations.  The Amazon ML Solutions Lab team helps AWS customers accelerate the use of machine learning to solve business and operational challenges and promote innovation in their organization. In this role, you will be designing and developing advanced ML models to solve diverse challenges and opportunities. You will be working with terabytes of text, images, and other types of data to solve real-world problems. You'll design and run experiments, research new algorithms, and find new ways of optimizing risk, profitability, and customer experience.  We’re looking for talented applied scientists capable of applying classical ML algorithms and cutting-edge deep learning (DL) and reinforcement learning approaches to areas such as drug discovery, customer segmentation, fraud prevention, capacity planning, predictive maintenance, pricing optimization, call center analytics, player pose estimation, event detection, and virtual assistant among others.  The primary responsibilities of this role are to:  Design, develop, and evaluate innovative ML/DL models to solve diverse challenges and opportunities across industries Interact with customer directly to understand their business problems, and help them with defining and implementing scalable ML/DL solutions to solve them Work closely with account teams, research scientist teams, and product engineering teams to drive model implementations and new algorithms  This position requires travel of up to 25%.  Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.  Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.  Mentorship & Career Growth Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. Our senior members enjoy one-on-one mentoring and thorough, but kind, code reviews. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded engineer and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future. This position is located in the San Francisco Bay area. Locations in the greater US West region may be considered.   PhD degree in computer science, engineering, or related technical/scientific field Hands on experience building models with deep learning frameworks like MXNet, Tensorflow, Keras, Caffe, PyTorch, or similar Strong communication and data presentation skills Strong attention to detail Comfortable working in a fast paced, highly collaborative, dynamic work environment Ability to think creatively and solve problems  Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit ﻿https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us﻿."
224,224,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=aeded47cc6a615b2&fccid=3bcef03e34391ca8&vjs=3,"Come work at a place where innovation and teamwork come together to support the most exciting missions in the world! Position Summary:  As a Principal Data Scientist in the newly created Enterprise Analytics and Data Science team at Petco, you'll lead the design and build of production level machine learning models to optimizing pricing decisions for Stores, eCommerce and Services. You’ll lead the data science roadmap to test various pricing strategies and frameworks. You’ll test hypotheses by combining data observations, and developing innovative mathematical and statistical pricing models. A majority of your time will be spent working on the following: Hypothesis/Roadmap Formulation: Observe customer behavior to define hypothesis to test in the areas of CRM, Pricing, Promotions, Inventory or Merchandizing Data generation: Use internal customer interactions and transactions online and in store and external data sources to build datasets that can be consumed by various models and reports for models Analytical modeling: Data modeling, exploratory data analysis, and feature selection using advanced statistical methods and techniques. Model Validation: Calibrating models to provide interpretable and repeatable outputs by using various metrics like ROC, RMSE, quantile loss, etc. Deployment: Model output will be consumed by various teams to create a customer experience that is the best in the industry. Documentation: Clear documentation of the objective, statistical model, and results. Essential Job Functions: The incumbent must be able to perform all of the following duties and responsibilities with or without a reasonable accommodation. Act as company wide SME to Design, Build, maintain, optimize, and productionize machine learning models for the area of assignment Create new data pipelines using the latest technologies that seamlessly integrate with multiple databases at Petco. Retrieve, synthesize, and present critical data in a format that is immediately useful to answering specific questions or improving system performance. Identify scalable opportunities to improve our customer lifetime value by driving pricing decisions. Improve upon existing methodologies by developing new data sources, testing model enhancements, and fine-tuning model parameters. Provide requirements to develop analytic capabilities, platforms, and pipelines. Conduct written and verbal presentation to share insights and recommendations to audiences of varying levels of technical sophistication. Utilize code (Python/R/SQL) for data analyzing and modeling algorithms. Conducts tracking and measurement of KPIs related to multiple business areas. Manage and mentor data scientists to deliver on the roadmap.  Education and Experience  MS/PhD in Statistics, Math, Engineering, Economics or related field Previous experience working with Machine Learning/Deep Learning for real world problems is a must. Pricing would be a bonus. You have deep interests in pricing, business strategy, and consumer behavior Must be self-driven and passionate about retail and must be customer centric. Demonstrable track record of dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment 8+ years’ experience in business analytics and data science Proficient with SQL Proficiency with multiple analytics tools required; Python or R strongly preferred Hands on experience with BI tools; Tableau /R shiny/Looker Ability to explain/present complicated/advanced analytical methodology and results to non-technical audiences Excellent communication skills Excellent quantitative modeling, statistical analysis skills and problem-solving skills. Related experience in a retail organization is a strong plus Petco Animal Supplies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, protected veteran status, or any other protected classification. Category: Corporate Location: 10850 Via Frontera, San Diego, CA 92127 Schedule: Full_time"
225,225,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a3465f69bd9a1ba3&fccid=90b07f1fecfcc175&vjs=3,"GROW WITH US: Tandem Diabetes Care is dedicated to making the lives of people with diabetes better and better through relentless innovation. “In Tandem” means together, and we strive to embody that in every aspect of our business. DIABETES IS ALL WE DO: At Tandem, Diabetes is all we do. We are the makers of the only color, touch-screen insulin pump that is capable of remote feature updates and compatibility with continuous glucose monitoring. Read more about our company and check out our latest product features and capabilities here: t:slim X2™ Insulin Pump with Control-IQ™ Technology In addition to innovative technology, we have a culture that fosters the idea that the happiest people are the most productive people. We treat our fellow employees like friends and family, and the company like our own home. This universal respect allows us the freedom to be ourselves and to be effective at our jobs, knowing at the end of the day that we can trust everyone to do the right thing, for each other and for the company. You can learn more about our culture and life at tandem here: https://www.tandemdiabetes.com/careers/life-at-tandem and See what our customers are saying here: #tsliminthewild A DAY IN THE LIFE: The Sr. Workforce Data Analyst is responsible for aligning the company’s staffing needs with customer demand while reducing labor costs by finding efficiencies in how we leverage our resources. This role is responsible for forecasting, intraday staffing analysis, scheduling, service level management and ensuring business continuity for multiple call center functions and locations. This role supports multiple functional areas with long-range planning, short-term scheduling, and real-time service level management. The Sr. Workforce Data Analyst will support the Workforce Management Supervisor as a primary point of contact for strategic data analysis and recommendations to the Technical Support department leaders, as well as other company stakeholders. YOU’RE AWESOME AT: 6 years of call center experience Bachelor’s degree or equivalent (business, math, statistics, or comparable analytic field) 5 years of WFM experience in a multi-channel call center environment. with at least 300 employees and utilizing multiple service channels (phone/email/text/chat) and multiple languages. Two years of experience in trend analysis. Experience with WFM Tools, including Reporting and Analysis systems, such as InContact, IEX, Power BI, Calabrio, Genesys, and Avaya. Must be highly proficient on computers, excellent knowledge and use of Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) Comfortable reporting and presenting data to call-center staff and company management Strong knowledge of workforce management calculations and contact center key performance indicators in a multi-time zone, multi-lingual, omnichannel (phone/email/text/chat) service environment. Strong data analysis experience; experience compiling data metrics. Mathematical or statistical course work. Superior quantitative and critical thinking skills. EXTRA AWESOME: Develops and maintains hiring forecasts, incorporating complex factors such as customer demand, expected employee turnover, planned efficiency gains, new product launches and other marketing initiatives. Creates and maintains metrics related to workforce management, to include forecasting, call center statistics, capacity planning and scheduling. Accountable for meeting call center service level goals. Performs analysis on metrics to make scheduling recommendations to management that are appropriate to call volume projections in order to achieve service level goals and maximize efficiency. Maintains accurate measures of forecasts, capacity plans and schedule plans by individual team members, by specific phone queues, and by the department in order to optimize staffing requirements. Proactively forecasts and builds mitigation plans for staffing gaps and challenges; Simulates different scenarios and develops contingency plans for unexpected events. Oversees root-cause analysis to determine and quantify reasons for forecast variance and recommends changes to enhance forecast accuracy and effectiveness. Generates ideas for performance-based incentives aimed at motivating employees. Monitors call and other service queues and makes necessary adjustments based on seasonal variations, agent vacations, holidays, product launches, or other cyclical patterns that impact call volume. Identifies areas of opportunity for quality or productivity improvements for call center staff and reports the impact of these process improvements. Recommends the best times for meetings, training, new hire classes, etc. based upon predicted service levels. Ensures that forecasts, capacity plans and schedules are generated in a timely and precise fashion. WHAT’S IN IT FOR YOU? At Tandem, our employees are just as important as our customers! Not only do we hire the best, we reward, develop, and retain them too. At Tandem we offer competitive compensation packages, superb medical, dental and vision, a discounted stock purchasing plan, fitness discounts, generous PTO, casual work attire and more! For a full list of benefits please review our perks page at https://www.tandemdiabetes.com/careers/benefits. BE YOU, WITH US! We’re always looking for awesome, forward-thinking achievers to join our workforce. We are committed to making sure our company fully reflects the diverse consumers who use our product. We are making strides towards this goal and are firmly committed to being an equal opportunity employer and maintaining a diverse and inclusive environment. REFERRALS: We love a good referral! If you know someone that would be a great fit for this position, please share! If you are applying for this job and live in California, please read Tandem’s CCPA Notice: https://www.tandemdiabetes.com/careers/california-consumer-privacy-act-notice-for-job-applicants"
226,226,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=eaea01563f59db04&fccid=24a3456d3ce2ad08&vjs=3,"Digital Health Technology team powers digital experiences and engagement to enhance the lives of millions of people every day through connected care. We build, deliver and manage a portfolio of data management platforms and mobile offerings in support of our core businesses. We thrive on simple and elegant architecture and agility. You’ll be immersed in a dynamic high-growth environment and empowered to excel, take informed risks, and drive ingenuity across the enterprise. Let’s talk about the team and you: The Data Science and AI/ML team collaborates across the organization to identify, develop and deliver Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) powered software solutions that improve patient outcomes, delight our partners and customers, and improve the way we do business in an “AI First” fashion. On any given day, the team could be working on building sophisticated models to delivering personalized recommendations to patients to improve their sleep, identify optimal equipment and settings using our unparalleled store of billion+ nights of sleep data, proactively identify other health risk factors, or help optimize complex, global supply chain operations. The Senior Data Scientist will undertake applied research and development in the areas of data science and biomedical informatics, and outcomes research, using the latest technologies in machine learning and distributed computing. The platform and algorithms developed may be used in a range of diagnostic and therapeutic applications, such as sleep disorder breathing, chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder, and other respiratory disorders, as well as co-morbidities such as congestive heart failure and diabetes and chronic disease management. Let's talk responsibilities: Research, customization, and development of statistical and machine learning algorithms to meet complex project requirements; tasks include defining hypotheses, executing necessary tests and experiments, evaluating, tuning and optimizing algorithms and methods to specific situations. Analysis of big data for data-driven solution validation, evaluation and technology innovation. Optimize data analysis processes and systems for better efficiency and maintainability. Leading sub-functional and small project teams. Mentoring and training more junior team members and serving as a best-practice resource for statistics and machine learning. Writing of documents that clearly explain how algorithms should be implemented, verified and validated. Writing documents for use in the preparation of intellectual property and technical publications. Monitoring the literature of interest and industrial development trends, broadly in the areas of data analysis and machine learning. Understanding regulatory requirements, such as those mandated by the FDA. Working within the ResMed Quality system, standards and maintaining training requirements. Being ever mindful of the requirements of the wider market and ResMed stakeholders. Let's talk qualifications and experience: Expert in statistical analysis methods, including analysis of variance, regression, time series analysis, survival analysis, etc. Extensive knowledge in machine learning fundamental theories and data mining technologies. Solid foundation with development of data analytics systems, including data exploration/crawling, feature engineering, model building, performance evaluation, and online deployment of models. Proficient with server-side programming in Python/Java. Hands-on experience in handling large and distributed datasets on Hadoop, Spark, Hive, Pig or Storm, etc. Strong database skills and experience, including experience with SQL programming and AWS experience would be great. Knowledge in big data technologies including cloud computing/distributed computing, data fusion, and data visualization. A background in or exposure to biomedical engineering, outcomes research, medical science or physiology. Optimisation of algorithm complexity vs. accuracy vs. implementation cost. Implementing robust software for use in research programs with a minimum of review and other formal process 5 - 6 years’ industry or academic experience in data science. Post-graduate research experience (Masters or PhD) in a field encompassing Data Science, Applied Statistics, Biomedical Informatics, or Outcomes Research. Let’s talk about what you can expect: A supportive environment that focuses on people development and best practices Opportunity to design, influence and be innovative Work with global teams and share new ideas Be supported both inside and outside of the work environment The opportunity to build something meaningful and see a direct positive impact on people’s lives #LI-BV1 Joining us is more than saying “yes” to making the world a healthier place. It’s discovering a career that’s challenging, supportive and inspiring. Where a culture driven by excellence helps you not only meet your goals, but also create new ones. We focus on creating a diverse and inclusive culture, encouraging individual expression in the workplace and thrive on the innovative ideas this generates. If this sounds like the workplace for you, apply now!"
229,229,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1553153b840c404c&fccid=5549c6b9723b4956&vjs=3,"At Rockstar Games, we create world-class entertainment experiences.  A career at Rockstar Games is about being part of a team working on some of the most creatively rewarding and ambitious projects to be found in any entertainment medium. You would be welcomed to a dedicated and inclusive environment where you can learn, and collaborate with some of the most talented people in the industry.  Rockstar is seeking an experienced data analyst to join our growing Analytics practice and help build Rockstar's business intelligence capacity. Successful candidates will work with analytics and product leadership to assure that the most relevant possible real-time and historical data is identified, tracked, analyzed, and made actionable across all of our titles. This is a full-time permanent position based out of Rockstar's unique game development studio in the heart of downtown Manhattan or our San Diego studio in Carlsbad, CA.  WHAT WE DO The Rockstar Analytics team provides insights and actionable results to a wide variety of stakeholders across the organization in support of their decision making. We are currently adding team members to multiple verticals including; Game Analytics, Player Research, LiveOps & BI. RESPONSIBILITIES Partner with analysts and live producers to identify strategic business questions, key metrics, and actionable insights. Provide consumer-ready recommendations, insights and reporting to Analytics team leadership, live producers, product managers and partner groups. Effectively translate statistical findings into actionable recommendations for senior leaders on game and business teams. Research and develop state-of-the-art data mining and statistical modeling solutions to understand game design, system performance and key business behaviors, such as player engagement. Drive needle moving improvements via hands-on exploration of data, dashboards, statistical analysis and predictive modeling. Combine qualitative and quantitative driven insights with game knowledge to recommend potential avenues to the game and business teams. Drive requirements for data collection and for data modeling with data engineers Work within a team of data analysts and engineers. QUALIFICATIONS 5+ years in a similar position or an analytics role in the gaming, marketing, finance, or technology fields. Extensive knowledge of data analysis techniques, languages, software and systems (SAS, R, Matlab, Python, SPSS, Tableau) required. Extensive knowledge in SQL (or a SQL-like language) required. Bachelor's degree in a quantitative field (Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Operational Research, Business Intelligence or any other relevant field). Game industry experience strongly desired. Graduate degree (MBA, MSc or master's, PHD), an asset. Experience with Vertica and Hadoop, an asset. SKILLS Story telling. Ability to develop and maintain good relations and communicate with people at all hierarchical levels. Strong problem-solving skills. Ability to reconcile technical and business perspectives. Autonomy and entrepreneurship. Strong team spirit. Passion for Rockstar Games and our titles. HOW TO APPLY  Please apply with a resume and cover-letter demonstrating how you meet the skills above. If we would like to move forward with your application, a Rockstar recruiter will reach out to you to explain next steps and guide you through the process.  Rockstar is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and we are committed to hiring, promoting, and compensating employees based on their qualifications and demonstrated ability to perform job responsibilities.  If you've got the right skills for the job, we want to hear from you. We encourage applications from all suitable candidates regardless of age, disability, gender identity, sexual orientation, religion, belief, or race."
234,234,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=b0098102635c605c&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"We are: Applied Intelligence and End to End Analytics, the people who love using data to tell a story. We’re also the world’s largest team of data scientists, data engineers, and experts in machine learning and AI. A great day for us Solving big problems using the latest tech, serious brain power, and deep knowledge of just about every industry. We believe a mix of data, analytics, automation, and responsible AI can do almost anything—spark digital metamorphoses, widen the range of what humans can do, and breathe life into smart products and services. Want to join our crew of sharp analytical minds Visit us here to find out more about Applied Intelligence. You are: An expert data scientist with an eye for AI. You want to change how the world works and lives by taking AI out of the lab and into everyday life. The work: Develop custom models based on in-depth understanding of underlying data, data structures, and business problems to ensure analytics deliverables meet client needsPrototype and demonstrate products for clients in customer environments.Use your judgment to craft solutions to complex problems or seek guidance as neededReport on your progress regularly in writing and face-to-faceStay up-to-date on new products that clients could useWork with peers and senior colleagues in Accenture and at client companies  Here’s what you need: Minimum of 2 years expertise or advanced statistical modeling, machine learning, data mining, unstructured data analytics in corporate and/or academic research environmentsMinimum 2 years of developing machine learning methods, including familiarity with techniques in clustering, regression, optimization, recommendation, neural networks, and other.Strong quantitative and analytical skills with minimum 2 years of experience with data science tools, including Python, R, Scala, Julia, or SASPhD (preferred), Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in quantitative field, Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Economics or related fields Bonus points if: Passionate, creative, and forward thinkingFamiliarity with using cloud services (AWS, Google, Azure) or Big Data tools (Hadoop, Hive, Spark) in data science solutionsDemonstrable knowledge in artificial intelligence, machine learning, data science, and other relevant technical domainsPossess a blend of advanced analytical capabilities and consulting expertise that will create value and insights for our clients Important Information Travel For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts. Consultant As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $84,300-$125,999 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
235,235,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a3465f69bd9a1ba3&fccid=90b07f1fecfcc175&vjs=3,"GROW WITH US: Tandem Diabetes Care is dedicated to making the lives of people with diabetes better and better through relentless innovation. “In Tandem” means together, and we strive to embody that in every aspect of our business. DIABETES IS ALL WE DO: At Tandem, Diabetes is all we do. We are the makers of the only color, touch-screen insulin pump that is capable of remote feature updates and compatibility with continuous glucose monitoring. Read more about our company and check out our latest product features and capabilities here: t:slim X2™ Insulin Pump with Control-IQ™ Technology In addition to innovative technology, we have a culture that fosters the idea that the happiest people are the most productive people. We treat our fellow employees like friends and family, and the company like our own home. This universal respect allows us the freedom to be ourselves and to be effective at our jobs, knowing at the end of the day that we can trust everyone to do the right thing, for each other and for the company. You can learn more about our culture and life at tandem here: https://www.tandemdiabetes.com/careers/life-at-tandem and See what our customers are saying here: #tsliminthewild A DAY IN THE LIFE: The Sr. Workforce Data Analyst is responsible for aligning the company’s staffing needs with customer demand while reducing labor costs by finding efficiencies in how we leverage our resources. This role is responsible for forecasting, intraday staffing analysis, scheduling, service level management and ensuring business continuity for multiple call center functions and locations. This role supports multiple functional areas with long-range planning, short-term scheduling, and real-time service level management. The Sr. Workforce Data Analyst will support the Workforce Management Supervisor as a primary point of contact for strategic data analysis and recommendations to the Technical Support department leaders, as well as other company stakeholders. YOU’RE AWESOME AT: 6 years of call center experience Bachelor’s degree or equivalent (business, math, statistics, or comparable analytic field) 5 years of WFM experience in a multi-channel call center environment. with at least 300 employees and utilizing multiple service channels (phone/email/text/chat) and multiple languages. Two years of experience in trend analysis. Experience with WFM Tools, including Reporting and Analysis systems, such as InContact, IEX, Power BI, Calabrio, Genesys, and Avaya. Must be highly proficient on computers, excellent knowledge and use of Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) Comfortable reporting and presenting data to call-center staff and company management Strong knowledge of workforce management calculations and contact center key performance indicators in a multi-time zone, multi-lingual, omnichannel (phone/email/text/chat) service environment. Strong data analysis experience; experience compiling data metrics. Mathematical or statistical course work. Superior quantitative and critical thinking skills. EXTRA AWESOME: Develops and maintains hiring forecasts, incorporating complex factors such as customer demand, expected employee turnover, planned efficiency gains, new product launches and other marketing initiatives. Creates and maintains metrics related to workforce management, to include forecasting, call center statistics, capacity planning and scheduling. Accountable for meeting call center service level goals. Performs analysis on metrics to make scheduling recommendations to management that are appropriate to call volume projections in order to achieve service level goals and maximize efficiency. Maintains accurate measures of forecasts, capacity plans and schedule plans by individual team members, by specific phone queues, and by the department in order to optimize staffing requirements. Proactively forecasts and builds mitigation plans for staffing gaps and challenges; Simulates different scenarios and develops contingency plans for unexpected events. Oversees root-cause analysis to determine and quantify reasons for forecast variance and recommends changes to enhance forecast accuracy and effectiveness. Generates ideas for performance-based incentives aimed at motivating employees. Monitors call and other service queues and makes necessary adjustments based on seasonal variations, agent vacations, holidays, product launches, or other cyclical patterns that impact call volume. Identifies areas of opportunity for quality or productivity improvements for call center staff and reports the impact of these process improvements. Recommends the best times for meetings, training, new hire classes, etc. based upon predicted service levels. Ensures that forecasts, capacity plans and schedules are generated in a timely and precise fashion. WHAT’S IN IT FOR YOU? At Tandem, our employees are just as important as our customers! Not only do we hire the best, we reward, develop, and retain them too. At Tandem we offer competitive compensation packages, superb medical, dental and vision, a discounted stock purchasing plan, fitness discounts, generous PTO, casual work attire and more! For a full list of benefits please review our perks page at https://www.tandemdiabetes.com/careers/benefits. BE YOU, WITH US! We’re always looking for awesome, forward-thinking achievers to join our workforce. We are committed to making sure our company fully reflects the diverse consumers who use our product. We are making strides towards this goal and are firmly committed to being an equal opportunity employer and maintaining a diverse and inclusive environment. REFERRALS: We love a good referral! If you know someone that would be a great fit for this position, please share! If you are applying for this job and live in California, please read Tandem’s CCPA Notice: https://www.tandemdiabetes.com/careers/california-consumer-privacy-act-notice-for-job-applicants"
237,237,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=65d63a433c30ddb3&fccid=d40ebe11fc879426&vjs=3,Minimum Qualifications 
242,242,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=09051fec69514670&fccid=0c746cab37cd5dd5&vjs=3,"Axos:  Born digital, Axos Bank has reinvented the banking model and grown to over $14 billion in assets since our founding in 2000. With a broad and ever-growing range of financial products, Axos Bank is rated among the top 5 digital banks in the country! Axos Financial is our holding company and publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ""AX (NYSE: AX). We bring together human insight and digital expertise to anticipate the needs of our customers. Our team members are innovative, technologically sophisticated, and motivated to achieve. Learn more about working here! The Opportunity:  As our Data Engineer you will provide support to this fast-paced analytics department with your deep problem-solving skills and broad knowledge of quantitative modeling as it relates to the banking/financial services. The Role: Analyze and identify business challenges and opportunities and apply modeling/statistics to make strategic and tactical recommendations Analyze data, build BI tools, and develop financial models Perform analysis on profiling data, understand business rules, data relations, and create data models Communicate results and recommendation to senior management and business partners Track record of fact-based communication to support senior decision-making Identify opportunities to apply quantitative methods to improve business performance Communicate technical subject matter clearly and concisely to individuals from various backgrounds Research AI and financial services market conditions and assist in conducting feasibility studies to determine market demand for existing and new AI products or services Build machine learning applications, select features, build and optimize classifiers using machine learning techniques Support customer acquisition strategies by vetting information from public sources to then aggregate content from data providers to stimulate development of telemarketing and email marketing campaigns that support customer acquisition strategies Consolidate data from multiple sources from varying points in time to develop an achievable picture of a perspective customer Exploration that leverages more information pertaining to a specific area in a market or product that stimulates development for product offerings while also discovering strategic opportunities within specific markets or demographics Develop and maintain software infrastructure to or cloud infrastructure to handle enterprise projects along with data integration mechanisms for interfacing between machine learning and artificial intelligence applications Are You A Fit? : 3+ years’ ata analytics 5+ years' problem solving/analytical role in a fast-paced organization Financial services and/or management consulting Built machine learning applications with a broad knowledge of machine learning APIs, tools, and open-source libraries Expertise in one of the following: Statistical modeling Probabilistic programming ML/AI Knowledge presentation Cognitive modeling natural language processing SQL Effective written and verbal communication skills for understanding the business vision and to translate the vision into technical artifacts Bachelor’s Degree in Statistics or similar quantitative field of study (Math, Economics, Financial Engineering, Physics, Industrial Engineering, Operations Research, etc.) Master’s degree in related field of study or relevant work experience in data analytics Apply directly for consideration as we are not using any outside agencies for any of our openings:  Pre-Employment Drug Test: All offers are contingent upon the candidate successfully passing a credit check, criminal background check, and pre-employment drug screening, which includes screening for marijuana. Axos Bank is a federally regulated banking institution. At the federal level, marijuana is an illegal schedule 1 drug; therefore, we will not employ any person who tests positive for marijuana, regardless of state legalization. Equal Employment Opportunity: Axos Bank is an Equal Opportunity employer. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, religious creed, color, sex (including pregnancy, breast feeding and related medical conditions), gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, military and veteran status, marital status, age, protected medical condition, genetic information, physical disability, mental disability, or any other protected status in accordance with all applicable federal, state and local laws. Job Functions and Work Environment: While performing the duties of this position, the employee is required to sit for extended periods of time. Manual dexterity and coordination are required while operating standard office equipment such as computer keyboard and mouse, calculator, telephone, copiers, etc. The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee may encounter while performing the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this position."
244,244,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=611364e26663d179&fccid=59867e5a232c7b5c&vjs=3,"General Atomics Aeronautical Systems, Inc. (GA-ASI), an affiliate of General Atomics, is a world leader in proven, reliable remotely piloted aircraft and tactical reconnaissance radars, as well as advanced high-resolution surveillance systems.  We have an exciting opportunity for a Project Manager with a focus on automation and autonomy capabilities for our MPEx team. This position will be leading medium-sized development programs that will enhance and improve our unmanned air systems mission system.  DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES: Responsible for project management of programs related to software-driven systems in the areas of Automation/Autonomy, Payload Command & Control, and Processing, Exploitation, & Dissemination. Managing and leading cross-functional program teams Responsible for developing proposals, whitepapers, and presentations to bring in new business related to A3I products and capabilities Responsible for presenting capabilities and status to both external and internal customers Participating in the business development process, including traveling and presenting products to current and potential customers. We recognize and appreciate the value and contributions of individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences and welcome all qualified individuals to apply. Job Qualifications: Typically requires a Bachelors in Computer Science or related discipline and eleven or more years of progressively complex experience in the project administration field with at least five of those years in project management. May substitute equivalent experience in lieu of education. Hands-on experience in software design and development is required. Experience and/or knowledge of the process of developing system architectures is required. Experience and/or knowledge of one or more DoD Open System Architectures (e.g.: FACE, OMS, UCI, UCS) is desired. Experience and comfort to present to large audiences, both internal and external, is required. Must possess strong communication, presentation building, and writing skills. Must possess outstanding interpersonal skills US Citizenship is required. Ability to obtain and maintain a DoD Security Clearance is required."
248,248,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=480894abc9df3071&fccid=d3d3520998346837&vjs=3,"Combine two of the fastest-growing fields on the planet with a culture of performance, collaboration and opportunity and this is what you get. Leading edge technology in an industry that is improving the lives of millions. Here, innovation is not about another gadget; it is about making health care data available wherever and whenever people need it, safely and reliably. There is no room for error. If you are looking for a better place to use your passion and your desire to drive change, this is the place to be. It's an opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm) The Sr NLP Engineer is a key technical contributor in the design and development of state-of-the-art NLP for medical applications. The Sr NLP Engineer works closely with other NLP developers, engineers and subject matter experts on current company technologies and forward-looking projects. You’ll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere within United States as you take on some tough challenges. Primary Responsibilities: Enhancement of existing company NLP technologies and extension of those systems in cloud-based applications. Work will involve all aspects of software design and development from system requirements definition to implementation, integration and testing. Fair emphasis is placed on engineering support for CI/CD, version control, and performance at scale in a production environment You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in. Required Qualifications: Undergraduate or advanced degree in a computational domain 2+ years of professional experience in an NLP/AI domain (significant academic development experience will be considered for exceptional applicants) Skill and experience with Python Skill and experience with C# or Java Experience working with Windows and Linux operating systems Knowledge and experience with object-oriented design If you need to enter a work site for any reason, you will be required to screen for symptoms using the ProtectWell mobile app, Interactive Voice Response (i.e., entering your symptoms via phone system) or similar UnitedHealth Group-approved symptom screener. When in a UnitedHealth Group building, employees are required to wear a mask in common areas. In addition, employees must comply with any state and local masking orders Preferred Qualifications: Experience with CI/CD and dependency management solutions (Jenkins, Maven, NuGet, etc.) Experience with version control systems (Git, etc.) ASP .Net Core or Spring Boot Flask or similar Docker NoSQL or SQLite databases Technology Careers with Optum. Information and technology have amazing power to transform the health care industry and improve people's lives. This is where it's happening. This is where you'll help solve the problems that have never been solved. We're freeing information so it can be used safely and securely wherever it's needed. We're creating the very best ideas that can most easily be put into action to help our clients improve the quality of care and lower costs for millions. This is where the best and the brightest work together to make positive change a reality. This is the place to do your life's best work.(sm) Colorado Residents Only: The salary range for Colorado residents is $79,700 to $142,600. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. In addition to your salary, UnitedHealth Group offers benefits such as, a comprehensive benefits package, incentive and recognition programs, equity stock purchase and 401k contribution (all benefits are subject to eligibility requirements). No matter where or when you begin a career with UnitedHealth Group, you’ll find a far-reaching choice of benefits and incentives. *All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group’s Telecommuter Policy Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment. Job Keywords: Senior Software Engineer, Software Engineer, NLP, Telecommute, Telecommuting, Telecommuter, Work From Home, Work At Home, Remote"
249,249,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=49333f2adb82f579&fccid=105ecfd0283f415f&vjs=3,"Duration:3+Months Responsibilities: Data/AI Cloud Consultant - JD Experience in Data warehouse Strategy and Design GCP Products: BigQuery, Looker Experience in Infrastructure Library: Apache Beam GCP products: Cloud Composer Non-GCP products: Azure AD The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion."
250,250,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=70296464c791082f&fccid=34b29210c02ce03f&vjs=3,"Overview:  Pharmapace, Inc. is a consulting and contract Clinical Research Organization (“CRO”) founded by several veteran leaders in the biotech/pharmaceutical industry who are recognized as experts in their respective fields. The core mission of Pharmapace is to deliver exceptional value to the life sciences industry (biotech/pharmaceutical companies) by providing high-quality consulting and outsourcing services to support our customer’s clinical trials, regulatory submissions, medical affairs, safety surveillance, and outcomes research programs to help patients afflicted with a wide range of disease conditions. We have a particular emphasis in Biometrics services. Since our founding in 2013, Pharmapace has successfully assisted numerous life sciences companies in their drug development programs. Many of our Sponsors’ drugs that we have worked on, have received approval by the US Food and Drug Administration. We take great pride in what we do to help our valued customers to advance human health. In early 2019, Pharmapace was acquired by WuXi AppTec, a leading global contract development and manufacturing organization that serves over 4,000 biopharmaceutical and medical device companies worldwide. Pharmapace remains committed to delivering exceptional services and value to our customers. Pharmapace is an integral part of WuXi Clinical Development Inc. (CRO), a division of WuXi Apptec, which has offices in Austin, Texas, Taiwan, and China. This combination allows us to leverage on WuXi Clinical’s vast resources and offer our customers a truly global solution to all aspects of clinical/drug development and regulatory submission Responsibilities:  ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS Provide statistical consulting to clinical study design Review study protocols and write statistical sections Conduct sample size and power calculations Propose randomization methods and designs Generate randomization schedules Assist in regulatory submission strategy planning Participate in study team operations and timeline discussion Identify issues, and provide solutions to clinical operation and data management for issues that potentially impact data analyses Review and provide comments to statistical analysis plans that are written by the 3rd party Develop statistical analysis plans, both for individual studies and integrated analyses for regulatory submissions Review programming specifications and provide high level input to derivation rules for data integration. Provide high level input to statistical analysts/programmers to prepare CDISC compliant SDTM and ADaM datasets Conduct inferential statistical analyses and check model adequacy of statistical analyses Qualifications:  EXPERIENCE Master's degree with 4-8 years or Doctoral degree with 2-6 years of relevant experience in a health sciences research institute or the pharmaceutical/biotech industry. Direct participation in design, planning, conduct, analyses, and reporting of clinical trials Perform statistical validation/quality control on analyses generated by statistical analysts/programmers Conduct ad-hoc analyses and data mining Write statistical reports for results interpretation if needed Prepare statistical sections of clinical study reports if needed Participate in clinical results interpretation meetings Work with medical writers to assist with clinical study reports preparation Work with project managers to ensure timely and high quality delivery of analysis packages SKILLS Deep understanding on statistical methodology related to clinical trials and drug development Basic knowledge on regulatory guidelines Working knowledge of SAS Good interpersonal and communication skills"
251,251,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=6114dbedbeca6451&fccid=24a3456d3ce2ad08&vjs=3,"Digital Health Technology team powers digital experiences and engagement to enhance the lives of millions of people every day through connected care. We build, deliver and manage a portfolio of data management platforms and mobile offerings in support of our core businesses. We thrive on simple and elegant architecture and agility. You’ll be immersed in a dynamic high-growth environment and empowered to excel, take informed risks, and drive ingenuity across the enterprise. The Data Science and AI/ML team collaborate across the organization to identify, develop and deliver Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) powered software solutions that improve patient outcomes, delight our partners and customers, and improve the way we do business in an “AI First” fashion. On any given day, the team could be working on building sophisticated models to delivering personalized recommendations to patients to improve their sleep, identify optimal equipment and settings using our unparalleled store of billion+ nights of sleep data, proactively identify other health risk factors, or help optimize complex, global supply chain operations. Let's talk about the team and you: We are looking for a Principal Data Engineer to join our growing Data Science & AI. You will be responsible for expanding and optimizing our data and data pipeline architecture, as well as enhancing data flow and collection for cross-functional teams. You are an experienced Data Engineer who enjoys designing and optimizing data systems and guiding their build from the ground up. The goal is to support our data engineers, software developers, database architects, data analysts and data scientists to ensure optimal data delivery architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects. You are self-directed and comfortable influencing and directing the creation of systems, products and team. You are excited by the prospect of optimizing or even helping to re-designing our company’s data architecture to support our next generation of products and data initiatives. You are a leader who lifts the entire team through collaboration, mentoring and sharing your experience. Let’s talk about Responsibilities: Your day to day focus will be dynamic and ever-changing, but you and your team will be driving the business forward by: Lead the architecture of shared data and analytics resources which will be the basis for future product development research, and the core of future data products for the company. Work with stakeholders including the Executive, Product, Data and Design teams to understand their current and future needs in order to build optimal data pipeline architecture, Use data to inform strategic and design decision making in addition to measuring performance and outcomes to demonstrate efficacy. Identify, areas of improvement regarding automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc. Understand security across national boundaries through multiple data centers and AWS regions. Identify data tools for analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader. Motivates team members and probes into technical details while coaching others to do the same. Champion a data-driven culture. Let’s talk about Qualifications & Experience: You will have 5+ years of progressive Data Engineering experience and 2+ years of experience as a Data Architect. You will also have attained a graduate degree in Computer Science, Informatics, Information Systems or another quantitative field or equivalent working experience. Your strongest experience will be using leading, designing, and enhancing our Data Science and AI capabilities. Proven technical leadership with the ability to guide a self-driven and empowered team. You can analyze data and opportunities to make effective and quick decisions You have strong analytics project consulting experience and have worked with and supported Data Scientists and Machine Learning Engineers Proven experience in designing scalable, available and reliable production systems. You are a hands-on leader with the ability to jump in where your team needs you most. You can communicate technical ideas and results to non-technical individuals from patients to executives in whatever format is required. Exceptional Python and AWS service experience (EMR, RDS, Redshift) Foundation in CI/CD principles and driving change management in this area Knowledge and experience with full AI solutions lifecycle including model management, model deployment. Global experience where you had to build with regulations in mind such as HIPPA and GDPR Have a passion for creating a fun, innovative and learning environment. Let’s talk about what you can expect: A supportive environment that focuses on people development and best practices Opportunity to design, influence and be innovative Work with global teams and share new ideas Be supported both inside and outside of the work environment The opportunity to build something meaningful and see a direct positive impact on people’s lives #LI-BV1 Joining us is more than saying “yes” to making the world a healthier place. It’s discovering a career that’s challenging, supportive and inspiring. Where a culture driven by excellence helps you not only meet your goals, but also create new ones. We focus on creating a diverse and inclusive culture, encouraging individual expression in the workplace and thrive on the innovative ideas this generates. If this sounds like the workplace for you, apply now!"
252,252,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=2c517c2891a19a07&fccid=c49bdd0dbc4697f5&vjs=3,"About Pacira Pacira BioSciences, Inc. is a leading provider of non-opioid pain management and regenerative health solutions dedicated to improving outcomes for health care practitioners and their patients. Our in-depth knowledge of non-opioid pain management, coupled with our passion for advancing patient care, drives our commitment to providing solutions that address unmet medical needs and improve clinical results. Why work with us? Rarely do you have an opportunity to do work that really matters. What drives us is our mission. What makes us successful are our people. At Pacira, you are part of an inclusive culture that fosters collaboration, growth, and innovative thinking - a place where you can make an impact and help change the standard of care in non-opioid pain management. Be part of our movement, let’s pursue excellence together. The Manager, Statistical Programming will work in Statistical Programming group to manage and support Statistical Programming deliverables for clinical studies.   Responsibilities: Technical lead and project manager for multiple studies managing all aspects of study deliverables related to statistical and clinical programming as needed Represent the statistical programming team at Study Management Team and Clinical Development meetings to address deliverables and timelines Address resourcing to adequately staff projects as needed Assist in the review of key study-related documents produced by other functions, e.g. SAP, case report form, data management plan, database specifications, EDC data structures, DMC plans and other clinical documents Interact and communicate with Statisticians, Data Managers, Clinical Operations, Medical Monitors, Medical Writing and Medical Directors to address programming related study deliverables Write, test and validate SAS programs to produce analysis datasets, TLGs and presentation output, to be included in reports for submission to regulatory agencies, publications and other communications as needed Understand and execute department-, product- and study-level macros and utilities. Write, test and validate product- and study-level macros and utilities Be a technical resource for programming group to provide advice on complex programming tasks and/or standards. Contribute to the development review of Statistical Programming policies, standard operating procedures and other controlled documents Interface with outsourcing partners and vendor Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree or above in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Life Sciences or other relevant scientific subject, or equivalent related experience Minimum 3+ years' clinical research and development programming experience using SAS. R experiences not required but a huge plus. Knowledge of SDTM and ADaM standards, able to write CDISC standard dataset specifications and follow specifications to create SDTM and ADAM datasets (as needed) Computer programming using SAS Fundamentals of project planning and management Drug development process Excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to effectively collaborate in a dynamic environment Expert level SAS programmer with experience in delivering on complex programming assignments and analysis Expert level knowledge and extensive hands-on experience of CDISC methodologies Experience leading or working with centralized teams for Statistical Programming Experience in FDA/EMEA/CFDA trial and regulatory submissions Experience with the drug development process (pre-, early, late and/or observational) in related industries or academic research EEO Statement Pacira is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against applicants because of race, color, religion, sex (including gender identity, sexual orientation, and pregnancy), national origin, age (40 or older), veteran status, disability or genetic information, or any other characteristic protected under applicable federal, state, or local law.  At Pacira we are committed to intentionally cultivating a culture of inclusion where all feel welcomed and valued for their background, perspectives, and experiences. We hold one another accountable to promote trust and transparency in support of our communities and collective purpose."
256,256,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=34e8e9d07f68ed01&fccid=576c188a22b52f98&vjs=3,"Your Responsibilities Contribute to development of robust oncology protocols using novel designs (i.e. Adaptive, Baysean, BOIN) Develop and validate applied research strategies relevant to advance existing assets, sponsored trials, and clinical research collaborations Conduct multi-disciplinary research to decipher disease properties, using both published and novel computational approaches, to impact research and translational path for patient benefit Deliver novel hypotheses for patient benefit using innovative and adaptive trial designs Investigate key data assets across the company and leverage applied research strategies and patient data to empower data-driven decisions Design and analyze key datasets from patient samples before and after treatment to inform and advance research Provide predictive, original, and actionable insights into therapeutic mechanisms of action for existing and novel therapies Participation in oversight of written and verbal scientific communications Presentation of methods, results, and conclusions Review medical literature and related new technologies Work seamlessly across Research and Development teams with shared objectives in a mutually productive fashion. What is Required Advanced degree in scientific discipline, operations research, computational biology or other relevant field, PhD preferred Minimum of 10 years oncology clinical development experience including master protocols, basket studies and RWE Demonstrated practical experience in developing and managing oncology protocols with novel designs (i.e. Adaptive, Baysean, BOIN) Direct experience using analytics to predict, control and monitor clinical trial performance Extensive knowledge of application and analysis of synthetic control arms Strong applied knowledge in predictive analytics, clinical statistics, or machine learning within the field of data science. Track record of peer-reviewed publications in relevant scientific journals Deep expertise in algorithmic implementation, statistical programming, and data manipulation In depth knowledge of domestic and international regulatory guidelines and ICH/GCP Highly developed collaboration and communication skills, be capable of explaining complex models to a wide audience Proven expertise in the proactive identification of issues which may impact clinical programs coupled with the ability to contribute to solutions affecting cross-functional matrix teams About Mirati Therapeutics Mirati Therapeutics is a late-stage biotechnology company whose mission is to discover, design and deliver breakthrough therapies to transform the lives of patients with cancer and their loved ones. The company is relentlessly focused on bringing forward therapies that address areas of high unmet need, including lung cancer, and advancing a pipeline of novel therapeutics targeting the genetic and immunological drivers of cancer. Mirati is using its scientific expertise to develop novel solutions in two registration-enabling programs: adagrasib (MRTX849), an investigational small molecule, potent and selective KRASG12C inhibitor, as monotherapy and in combination with other agents, and sitravatinib, an investigational spectrum-selective inhibitor of receptor tyrosine kinases in combination with checkpoint inhibitor therapies. Mirati is also advancing its differentiated preclinical portfolio, including MRTX1133, an investigational KRASG12D inhibitor, and other oncology discovery programs. Unified for patients, Mirati's vision is to unlock the science behind the promise of a life beyond cancer. For more information about Mirati Therapeutics, visit us at Mirati.com or follow us on Twitter and LinkedIn. Why Join? At Mirati, we have an unapologetic and relentless focus on our mission to transform the lives of patients with cancer and their loved ones. Patients and their families motivate us to work smarter, faster and better. We are driven by the knowledge that our efforts can one-day deliver life-saving therapies for the people who need us most. Urgency, open-mindedness, accountability and collaboration ground our work. These shared values are central to who we are, what we do and how we do it. Our people fuel our success. They are fearless and passionate in their daily pursuit of our mission. We are committed to continuing to create a company and experience that attracts and keeps the best people. When you want your days to count and the work you do to matter, discovering and delivering potentially life-changing therapies is more than a job, it's the chance to be part of something bigger. We believe diverse professional experiences and an inclusive culture can drive better outcomes for patients. We want employees to be authentic and use their perspectives to contribute to our mission in a meaningful way. Mirati cultivates an environment where: An entrepreneurial attitude is encouraged Our people are empowered to speak up, embrace the gray and achieve solutions Diverse experiences are an important of part making the best decisions We laugh and have fun as a work family No matter the role, we are unified by our passion for helping patients, and are inspired by a single vision to unlock the science behind the promise of a life beyond cancer. Together, we own Mirati's success. Learn more at Mirati.com/careers. Mirati is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE) we celebrate diverse experiences without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. Notice to Third Party Agencies: Please note that Mirati Therapeutics Inc. does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or employment agencies."
258,258,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=7d768760dc124399&fccid=10b5a4abcc6bf067&vjs=3, 
259,259,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=0695f35e8ad80588&fccid=10b5a4abcc6bf067&vjs=3, 
260,260,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0Cr4M_JGtGoHiqjsQQDJgkJVBM0d1K3te6s_xJ174N6q6X_JMbFn5GLo3OFMMw05sYy-b54zVYjm17hWJ0n7hjbDQ6JqB6stLOSVV7gEl3EM2i_7V5RntMva2wuJsYzqD1ddKV9fagF4UEFpAHZjhhfORoXJ6nXhm77GxG5JX5W3DXCqpXqVqQg9SkSNSEFL2lOJrnGleSQsZJntkS6wBKKIeUn7LYlEVQ2XbSFjfyK-UUphpjJ7CUfrG7tJz2FXJcz6mG1x5DYMpb0DROXuDAwp3ceQL9l2Mi6QBpOchf-ZXd1kbPwASp_UEOn-I9rEgppml9wqskl9aHM9bsRzggwTJ2lXQ4sluT6B8_42gYaRyNWr8RSZGOAOI8LQzvD8Cjf1K33Zu2Kj9r_IjxKKWKwbJP4h-L8xMc=&p=14&fvj=0&vjs=3,"Senior Data Analyst  CA or TX-Remote   This is a CA-remote or TX-Remote, Exempt, Full-Time position. This position reports to the Chief Technology Officer of the Company.  Why Movoto?  Movoto Real Estate is the fastest-growing top 5 residential real estate site used by 650,000 buyers and sellers daily. As we scale for rapid growth, we are looking for a Senior Data Analyst to guide the development of key components of our portal.   What we're looking for in you:  As a Senior Data Analyst at Movoto, you will be a key player in helping us impact thousands of consumer home shoppers and real estate agents. You will be responsible for statistics and data collection for all traffic and online behaviors. You will own the definition of all data tracking, integration, and verification. In this role, you will work closely with product managers and analysts to define, and review tracking policy, and work closely with engineers to implement and verify data. This role will require a Product Manager mindset along with the technical skills of web-related data. What you'll be doing:  Define problems and opportunities of current user behavior combined with traffic and product goals. Define how to track and monitor data working closely with traffic and product managers and maintain all tracking definitions with documentation. Create tagging/tracking strategy and work with engineering to ensure the right data is being measured. Manage, maintain, and refine the global implementation of Google Analytics and 3rd party campaign tagging.   What you should have:  B.A./B.S./Master's in economics, Business, Engineering, Computer Science, or other quantitative focus. 3+ years of experience in data analyst or data science Experience in managing tracking for entire traffic and online user behaviors required Experience setting tagging strategy and implementing tags with Google Tag Manager Ability to verify the tracking implementation Strong communication and organization skills Working experience with large datasets using data analytics tools Experience in creating entire tracking from scratch Excellent SQL skills and experience with BI dashboards Proficient in tools such as A/B testing platforms (VWO, Optimizely), analytics solutions (Oracle, Tealeaf, Clicktale aka Contentsquare, Indicative, Kissmetrics, Tableau), and other various qualitative survey tools Proficiency in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Google Analytics SEO/SEM experience   Why you should join Movoto?  Medical, Dental & Vision Benefits 100%/75% premium coverage for employees/dependents Basic & Supplemental Life Insurance, AD&D and Disability, FSA and Commuter Benefits Retirement Plan Equity Flexible Paid Time Off Paid Holidays Parental Leave Benefits Competitive Salaries Volunteer Opportunities Employee Engagement Events PetPlan (10-15% off premiums) PerkSpot â€“ exclusive corporate discounts Rocket Lawyer Legal Benefits and more!   About Movoto Real Estate  Movoto Real Estate was founded on a simple principle: Real estate should be easy.  This foundational idea continues to drive our mission every day, building cutting-edge, optimized technology tools and connecting talented, customer-focused agents with motivated buyers and sellers. Today, we are the fastest-growing top five residential real estate site in the United States with nearly 26 million monthly visits. But we are more than a real estate brokerage and research siteâ€”we're a technology company that is bringing real estate into the future with our end-to-end suite of proprietary tools for buyers, sellers, and agents.  In 2020, Movoto was acquired by OJO Labs, a leader in personalized, AI-enabled real estate tools. Combining OJO and Movoto's deep commitment to creating end-to-end home-buying solutions, we continue to strive to become the most trusted real estate company in North America. Our real estate technology platform comprises the latest data-driven AI technology, client communication tools, marketing and transaction support, a real team of dedicated transaction coordinators, and an agent earnings structure that ensures our agents are successful and can focus on serving their clients.  Movoto is not only committed to making real estate accessible to a diverse community through technology, we strive to increase representationâ€”across all races, ethnicities, genders, ages, sexual orientations, and physical or mental abilitiesâ€”in our teams. We continue to promote an inclusive work environment where everyone, from any background, can do their best work.  Together with OJO and our growing team, we have renewed our dedication to the mission that started it all: making real estate easy in this rapidly changing world."
261,261,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=34e8e9d07f68ed01&fccid=576c188a22b52f98&vjs=3,"Your Responsibilities Contribute to development of robust oncology protocols using novel designs (i.e. Adaptive, Baysean, BOIN) Develop and validate applied research strategies relevant to advance existing assets, sponsored trials, and clinical research collaborations Conduct multi-disciplinary research to decipher disease properties, using both published and novel computational approaches, to impact research and translational path for patient benefit Deliver novel hypotheses for patient benefit using innovative and adaptive trial designs Investigate key data assets across the company and leverage applied research strategies and patient data to empower data-driven decisions Design and analyze key datasets from patient samples before and after treatment to inform and advance research Provide predictive, original, and actionable insights into therapeutic mechanisms of action for existing and novel therapies Participation in oversight of written and verbal scientific communications Presentation of methods, results, and conclusions Review medical literature and related new technologies Work seamlessly across Research and Development teams with shared objectives in a mutually productive fashion. What is Required Advanced degree in scientific discipline, operations research, computational biology or other relevant field, PhD preferred Minimum of 10 years oncology clinical development experience including master protocols, basket studies and RWE Demonstrated practical experience in developing and managing oncology protocols with novel designs (i.e. Adaptive, Baysean, BOIN) Direct experience using analytics to predict, control and monitor clinical trial performance Extensive knowledge of application and analysis of synthetic control arms Strong applied knowledge in predictive analytics, clinical statistics, or machine learning within the field of data science. Track record of peer-reviewed publications in relevant scientific journals Deep expertise in algorithmic implementation, statistical programming, and data manipulation In depth knowledge of domestic and international regulatory guidelines and ICH/GCP Highly developed collaboration and communication skills, be capable of explaining complex models to a wide audience Proven expertise in the proactive identification of issues which may impact clinical programs coupled with the ability to contribute to solutions affecting cross-functional matrix teams About Mirati Therapeutics Mirati Therapeutics is a late-stage biotechnology company whose mission is to discover, design and deliver breakthrough therapies to transform the lives of patients with cancer and their loved ones. The company is relentlessly focused on bringing forward therapies that address areas of high unmet need, including lung cancer, and advancing a pipeline of novel therapeutics targeting the genetic and immunological drivers of cancer. Mirati is using its scientific expertise to develop novel solutions in two registration-enabling programs: adagrasib (MRTX849), an investigational small molecule, potent and selective KRASG12C inhibitor, as monotherapy and in combination with other agents, and sitravatinib, an investigational spectrum-selective inhibitor of receptor tyrosine kinases in combination with checkpoint inhibitor therapies. Mirati is also advancing its differentiated preclinical portfolio, including MRTX1133, an investigational KRASG12D inhibitor, and other oncology discovery programs. Unified for patients, Mirati's vision is to unlock the science behind the promise of a life beyond cancer. For more information about Mirati Therapeutics, visit us at Mirati.com or follow us on Twitter and LinkedIn. Why Join? At Mirati, we have an unapologetic and relentless focus on our mission to transform the lives of patients with cancer and their loved ones. Patients and their families motivate us to work smarter, faster and better. We are driven by the knowledge that our efforts can one-day deliver life-saving therapies for the people who need us most. Urgency, open-mindedness, accountability and collaboration ground our work. These shared values are central to who we are, what we do and how we do it. Our people fuel our success. They are fearless and passionate in their daily pursuit of our mission. We are committed to continuing to create a company and experience that attracts and keeps the best people. When you want your days to count and the work you do to matter, discovering and delivering potentially life-changing therapies is more than a job, it's the chance to be part of something bigger. We believe diverse professional experiences and an inclusive culture can drive better outcomes for patients. We want employees to be authentic and use their perspectives to contribute to our mission in a meaningful way. Mirati cultivates an environment where: An entrepreneurial attitude is encouraged Our people are empowered to speak up, embrace the gray and achieve solutions Diverse experiences are an important of part making the best decisions We laugh and have fun as a work family No matter the role, we are unified by our passion for helping patients, and are inspired by a single vision to unlock the science behind the promise of a life beyond cancer. Together, we own Mirati's success. Learn more at Mirati.com/careers. Mirati is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE) we celebrate diverse experiences without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. Notice to Third Party Agencies: Please note that Mirati Therapeutics Inc. does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or employment agencies."
264,264,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=858d2bf1aff9dafe&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries, we offer Strategy and Consulting, Interactive, Technology and Operations services—all powered by the world’s largest network of Advanced Technology and Intelligent Operations centers. Our 514,000 people deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity every day, serving clients in more than 120 countries. We embrace the power of change to create value and shared success for our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities. Visit us at www.accenture.com We are: Solutions.AI is Accenture's collection of AI solutions that are designed to unlock new efficiencies and growth, enable new ways of working, and facilitate game-changing innovation–3x faster than the typical product lifecycle. Built and delivered on the foundation of Accenture's unparalleled AI expertise, data services, IP and ecosystem partners, our scalable, modular solutions minimize time to market and maximize business impact. The next AI revolution will be built by people like you. Visit us here to find out more about Solutions.AI. You are: As a Manager with Accenture you will lead and grow a business leveraging and growing a data science team working with diverse clients and industries. The business focus will be selling new work to clients, delivering analytics solutions and help turn data into actionable insights that drive tangible outcomes, improve performance and help clients lead the market. This position requires experience in growing the business for a solution and leading and inspiring teams with in-depth understanding and use of statistical and data analysis tools, as well as strong technical skills and business acumen. It also requires the capability to contribute to new business development as an expert solution architect with a skill level that translates well in the C-Suite. The work: Lead and grow an intelligent marketing data science business across our North American market Inspire and lead teams responsible for statistical, data mining, machine learning, and/or deep learning techniques in delivering data science insights specifically in the areas of marketing attribution, hyper personalization of marketing content and Next best action solutions Lead and collaborate with internal Accenture teams and clients to understand challenges and create solutions Stay abreast of technology trends in artificial intelligence and machine learning Provide thought leadership to evangelize Accenture’s POV in the market as well as internally Ultimate oversight of data scientists and data science projects with clients for the business. Future potential weekly travel  Here’s what you need: Minimum 5 years of experience in business with significant focus on data science and use of statistical methodologies Minimum 5 years of experience capturing, assessing and making recommendations, including reviewing data for completeness and consistency, analyzing and interpreting data Bachelor's degree or equivalent (minimum 12 years) work experience A minimum 5 years of Deep Knowledge of Marketing Insight analytics domains like marketing attribution (both top-down and bottom-up), hyper-personalization and navigating the data challenges for both bottom up and top down attribution Bonus points if: Ability to technically lead data science projects Experience with intelligent marketing capabilities, including mixed marketing modeling, multi-touch attribution, recommendation engines, personalization Familiarity with using cloud services (AWS, Google, Azure) or Big Data tools (Hadoop, Hive, Spark) in data science solutions Ability to work across industries and with cross-functional organizations Important Information Travel For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts. Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture. As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $113,000 - $228,099 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
265,265,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=6114dbedbeca6451&fccid=24a3456d3ce2ad08&vjs=3,"Digital Health Technology team powers digital experiences and engagement to enhance the lives of millions of people every day through connected care. We build, deliver and manage a portfolio of data management platforms and mobile offerings in support of our core businesses. We thrive on simple and elegant architecture and agility. You’ll be immersed in a dynamic high-growth environment and empowered to excel, take informed risks, and drive ingenuity across the enterprise. The Data Science and AI/ML team collaborate across the organization to identify, develop and deliver Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) powered software solutions that improve patient outcomes, delight our partners and customers, and improve the way we do business in an “AI First” fashion. On any given day, the team could be working on building sophisticated models to delivering personalized recommendations to patients to improve their sleep, identify optimal equipment and settings using our unparalleled store of billion+ nights of sleep data, proactively identify other health risk factors, or help optimize complex, global supply chain operations. Let's talk about the team and you: We are looking for a Principal Data Engineer to join our growing Data Science & AI. You will be responsible for expanding and optimizing our data and data pipeline architecture, as well as enhancing data flow and collection for cross-functional teams. You are an experienced Data Engineer who enjoys designing and optimizing data systems and guiding their build from the ground up. The goal is to support our data engineers, software developers, database architects, data analysts and data scientists to ensure optimal data delivery architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects. You are self-directed and comfortable influencing and directing the creation of systems, products and team. You are excited by the prospect of optimizing or even helping to re-designing our company’s data architecture to support our next generation of products and data initiatives. You are a leader who lifts the entire team through collaboration, mentoring and sharing your experience. Let’s talk about Responsibilities: Your day to day focus will be dynamic and ever-changing, but you and your team will be driving the business forward by: Lead the architecture of shared data and analytics resources which will be the basis for future product development research, and the core of future data products for the company. Work with stakeholders including the Executive, Product, Data and Design teams to understand their current and future needs in order to build optimal data pipeline architecture, Use data to inform strategic and design decision making in addition to measuring performance and outcomes to demonstrate efficacy. Identify, areas of improvement regarding automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc. Understand security across national boundaries through multiple data centers and AWS regions. Identify data tools for analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader. Motivates team members and probes into technical details while coaching others to do the same. Champion a data-driven culture. Let’s talk about Qualifications & Experience: You will have 5+ years of progressive Data Engineering experience and 2+ years of experience as a Data Architect. You will also have attained a graduate degree in Computer Science, Informatics, Information Systems or another quantitative field or equivalent working experience. Your strongest experience will be using leading, designing, and enhancing our Data Science and AI capabilities. Proven technical leadership with the ability to guide a self-driven and empowered team. You can analyze data and opportunities to make effective and quick decisions You have strong analytics project consulting experience and have worked with and supported Data Scientists and Machine Learning Engineers Proven experience in designing scalable, available and reliable production systems. You are a hands-on leader with the ability to jump in where your team needs you most. You can communicate technical ideas and results to non-technical individuals from patients to executives in whatever format is required. Exceptional Python and AWS service experience (EMR, RDS, Redshift) Foundation in CI/CD principles and driving change management in this area Knowledge and experience with full AI solutions lifecycle including model management, model deployment. Global experience where you had to build with regulations in mind such as HIPPA and GDPR Have a passion for creating a fun, innovative and learning environment. Let’s talk about what you can expect: A supportive environment that focuses on people development and best practices Opportunity to design, influence and be innovative Work with global teams and share new ideas Be supported both inside and outside of the work environment The opportunity to build something meaningful and see a direct positive impact on people’s lives #LI-BV1 Joining us is more than saying “yes” to making the world a healthier place. It’s discovering a career that’s challenging, supportive and inspiring. Where a culture driven by excellence helps you not only meet your goals, but also create new ones. We focus on creating a diverse and inclusive culture, encouraging individual expression in the workplace and thrive on the innovative ideas this generates. If this sounds like the workplace for you, apply now!"
266,266,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=4f00e7c7243f1d8c&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries, we offer Strategy and Consulting, Interactive, Technology and Operations services—all powered by the world’s largest network of Advanced Technology and Intelligent Operations centers. Our 514,000 people deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity every day, serving clients in more than 120 countries. We embrace the power of change to create value and shared success for our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities. Visit us at www.accenture.com.  Accenture Applied Intelligence is the world’s largest team in applying data science, machine learning, and AI with deep industry experience to solve clients most sophisticated and difficult challenges. We are a team of experts in data science, data engineering, artificial intelligence and human ingenuity with industry knowledge that spans every industrialized area - energy, health care, transportation, retail, social media, and more. By deploying AI responsibly and combining it with our deep industry and analytics expertise, we enable the digital transformation of organizations, extend human capabilities, and make intelligent products and services a reality.  Role Description: Data Scientist Manager As a manager working at Accenture you will work on a team with diverse clients and industries delivering analytics solutions and help clients turn data into actionable insights that drive tangible outcomes, improve performance and help clients lead the market. This position requires in-depth understanding and use of statistical and data analysis tools.  Key Responsibilities: You must be able to effectively use and lead teams using statistical, data mining, machine learning, and/or deep learning techniques in delivering data science insightsWork closely with internal Accenture teams and clients to understand challenges and create solutionsStay abreast of technology trends in artificial intelligenceProvide thought leadership within projects and leading technologiesLead a small team of data scientists  Here's What You Need: Minimum 5 years of developing machine learning and deep learning methods, including familiarity with techniques in clustering, regression, optimization, recommendation, neural networks, and other.Minimum of 3 years of experience implementing transformational change in the Products industryMinimum 5 years of strong quantitative and analytical skills with minimum 5 years of experience with data science and analytics tools, such as Python, R, Scala, Spark, Tableau, PowerBIBachelor’s degree in data science and related disciplines as mathematics, statistics, computer science, physics, or equivalent (minimum 12 years) work experience Bonus points if you have: Ability to technically lead data science projectsStrong communication and leadership skillsexperience capturing, assessing and making recommendations, including reviewing data for completeness and consistency, analyzing and interpreting dataDemonstrable knowledge in artificial intelligence, machine learning, data science, and other relevant technical domains.experience in data science and use of statistical methodologies Important information  Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture.  Equal Employment Opportunity Statement  Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative, more competitive and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities.  All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law.  Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women.  For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement  Requesting An Accommodation  Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired.  If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter.  Other Employment Statements  Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration.  Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process.  The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information.  As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $113,000 - $185,399 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
267,267,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=cab1872fc7c2bcd3&fccid=105ecfd0283f415f&vjs=3,"Duration: 6+Months Responsibilities: Bachelor degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or a related technical field or equivalent practical experience. Minimum: Google Professional Cloud Architect Preferred: Google Professional Data Engineer, AWS Big Data Speciality Certification 7+ years direct experience working in Enterprise Data Warehouse technologies 3+ years in a customer facing role working with enterprise clients Experience with implementing and/or maintaining technical solutions in virtualized environments. Experience in design, architecture and implementation of Data warehouses, data pipelines and flows. Experience with developing software code in one or more languages such as Java, Python and SQL. Experience designing and deploying large scale distributed data processing systems with one or more technologies such as Oracle, MS SQL Server, MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Cassandra, Redis, Hadoop, Spark, HBase, Vertica, Netezza, Teradata, Tableau, Qlik or MicroStrategy. Customer facing migration experience, including service discovery, assessment, planning, execution, and operations. Requirements: Customer facing migration experience, including service discovery, assessment, planning, execution, and operations. Demonstrated excellent communication, presentation, and problem solving skills. Willingness to travel around Need Cloud Data Engineering, Data Analytics, ETL, Big Data, Hadoop, Cloud Migration, Spark, PySpark, BigQuery, Data Proc, Dataflow, Airflow. GCP Certification is preferred. The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion."
270,270,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=b8b62e704b3bd539&fccid=105ecfd0283f415f&vjs=3,"Duration:8+Months Responsibilities: DataProc Optimization - Spark/Hadoop Need Cloud Data Engineering, Data Analytics, ETL, Big Data, Hadoop, Cloud Migration, Spark, PySpark, BigQuery, Data Proc, Dataflow, Airflow. GCP Certification is preferred. The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion."
272,272,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=21904ed921bcb26e&fccid=f6819b4f967bb5f4&vjs=3,"SUMMARY Arcticom, a subsidiary of Bering Straits Native Corporation is currently seeking a Statistician for Naval Special Warfare Preparatory Course Training and Support Services. The Statistician will collect and interpret data regarding the training course and test results of students. ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES The Essential Duties and Responsibilities are intended to present a descriptive list of the range of duties performed for this position, and are not intended to reflect all duties performed within the job. Other duties may be assigned. Execute responsibilities that require professional knowledge of statistics to include, but not limited to, collecting and interpreting data, data analysis, forecasting, trends, and predictions. Apply statistical theories, techniques, and methods to program results and data. Prepare data for tracking. Gather and interpret quantified information to include, but not limited to, run, swim, and academic and physical test results. Provide analysis through mathematical modeling. Communicate through point papers or power point presentations about any changes, strengths, or weaknesses derived through statistical findings. Coordinate guidance, feedback, and program evaluation prior to implementation. Submit statistical reports, determined to be necessary, in order to document program effectiveness. Enter course related information into Naval Special Warfare Center databases. Monitor trends in attrition and performance and communicate these trends through electronic media Provide a statistical analysis of student success/failure rates and PST trends in a per class report, semi-annually  QUALIFICATIONS - EXPERIENCE, EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATION To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to satisfactorily perform each essential duty. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Required (Minimum) Qualifications  Bachelor’s Degree in Statistics or Computer Science, or related degree. Minimum of three (3) years’ recent experience conducting statistical analysis and related duties in a training environment. Ability to pass an extensive background check Security+ or ability to pass certification  Knowledge, Skills, Abilities, and Other Characteristics Must have the ability to communicate statistical methods, findings, limitations & suggestions to a non-technical audience. Must have strong business writing and oral communication skills, fluent in English (reading, writing, speaking and comprehension). Must have the ability to organize, prioritize and perform multiple tasks with little or no supervision. Must have advanced abilities in current versions of MS Office (Word, Excel, Adobe and Outlook). Execute responsibilities that require professional knowledge of statistics to include, but not limited to, collecting and interpreting data, data analysis, forecasting, trends, and predictions. Apply statistical theories, techniques, and methods to program results and data. Prepare data for tracking. Gather and interpret quantified information to include, but not limited to, run, swim, and academic and physical test results. Provide analysis through mathematical modeling. Communicate with the COR and the Chain of Command through point papers or power point presentations about any changes, strengths, or weaknesses derived through statistical findings. Coordinate guidance, feedback, and program evaluation with the COR and NSWO OIC prior to implementation. Submit statistical reports, determined to be necessary by the COR, in order to document program effectiveness. Enter course related information into Naval Special Warfare Center databases. Monitor trends in attrition and performance and communicate these trends through electronic media to the COR. Provide a statistical analysis of student success/failure rates and PST trends in a per class report, semi-annually to the COR  Preferred Practical experience with data cleaning and geospatial datasets. Experience with ggplot and language R. Experience with statistical programming language (R, Python) Experience with data visualization tools Experience with SQL  PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Must maintain a constant state of mental alertness at all times. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Essential and marginal functions may require maintaining physical condition necessary for bending, stooping, sitting, walking or standing for prolonged periods of time; most of time is spent sitting in a comfortable position with frequent opportunity to move about.  WORK ENVIRONMENT Work Environment characteristics described here are representative of those that must be borne by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Job is performed in an office setting with exposure to computer screens and requires extensive use of a computer, keyboard, mouse and multi-line telephone system. The work described herein is primarily a modern office setting. Occasional travel may be required.  SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES No supervisory responsibilities.  ADDITIONAL QUALIFYING FACTORS As a condition of employment, may be required to pass a pre-employment drug screening, as well as have acceptable reference and background check results to obtain access to military base. Must have reliable transportation to/from work a necessity and must be able to obtain access to military installations.  Shareholder Preference. BSNC gives hiring, promotion, training and retention preference to BSNC shareholders, shareholder descendants and shareholder spouses who meet the minimum qualifications for the job.  Bering Straits Native Corporation is an Equal Opportunity/ AA/ Male/ Female/ Disability/ Vets employer. We participate in the E-Verify Employment Verification Program. We are a drug free workplace."
277,277,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=f5bb78c0f1514be1&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries, we offer Strategy and Consulting, Interactive, Technology and Operations services—all powered by the world’s largest network of Advanced Technology and Intelligent Operations centers. Our 514,000 people deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity every day, serving clients in more than 120 countries. We embrace the power of change to create value and shared success for our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities. Visit us at www.accenture.com. We are: Applied Intelligence, the people who love using data to tell a story. We’re also the world’s largest team of data scientists, data engineers, and experts in machine learning and AI. A great day for us? Solving big problems using the latest tech, serious brain power, and deep knowledge of just about every industry. We believe a mix of data, analytics, automation, and responsible AI can do almost anything—spark digital metamorphoses, widen the range of what humans can do, and breathe life into smart products and services. Want to join our crew of sharp analytical minds? Visit us here to find out more about Applied Intelligence. You are: Both a data maven and a strategist with serious analytical and statistical chops who can architect and lead business transformation projects from start to finish. You know how to interrogate data to get insights to inform strategy and drive business optimization. Clients listen to you because you are a strong communicator and passionate problem-solver - and have the skill depth and moxie to back it up The work: Manage strategy development and functional insight operating model skills to influence client digital agenda. Partner with clients to make bold decisions intersecting business and digital technology operations. Understand client industry landscape in the context of economic social trends. Adapt and implement digital transformation solutions and driver value led work. Map clients state of digital maturity, leveraging and embedding data science in digital strategy development and implementation.  Here’s what you need:  Bachelor degree or Master degree in a quantitative field such as statistics, econometrics, mathematics, marketing, or operations analysis. Double bonus if you have a PhD.  4+ years using AI and data science to achieve business goals in large orgs  4+ years working in Healthcare, Technology, Software, Products, or Resources industry; strong familiarity with common industry use cases 4+ years working in a consulting capacity helping clients make their companies work better Bonus points if:  3+ years heading up teams, juggling multiple projects from multiple locations  3+ years of strategy experience You are a gifted communicator and presenter You know your way around ML and AI technical architecture As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $113,000 - $185,999 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
279,279,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=34e8e9d07f68ed01&fccid=576c188a22b52f98&vjs=3,"Your Responsibilities Contribute to development of robust oncology protocols using novel designs (i.e. Adaptive, Baysean, BOIN) Develop and validate applied research strategies relevant to advance existing assets, sponsored trials, and clinical research collaborations Conduct multi-disciplinary research to decipher disease properties, using both published and novel computational approaches, to impact research and translational path for patient benefit Deliver novel hypotheses for patient benefit using innovative and adaptive trial designs Investigate key data assets across the company and leverage applied research strategies and patient data to empower data-driven decisions Design and analyze key datasets from patient samples before and after treatment to inform and advance research Provide predictive, original, and actionable insights into therapeutic mechanisms of action for existing and novel therapies Participation in oversight of written and verbal scientific communications Presentation of methods, results, and conclusions Review medical literature and related new technologies Work seamlessly across Research and Development teams with shared objectives in a mutually productive fashion. What is Required Advanced degree in scientific discipline, operations research, computational biology or other relevant field, PhD preferred Minimum of 10 years oncology clinical development experience including master protocols, basket studies and RWE Demonstrated practical experience in developing and managing oncology protocols with novel designs (i.e. Adaptive, Baysean, BOIN) Direct experience using analytics to predict, control and monitor clinical trial performance Extensive knowledge of application and analysis of synthetic control arms Strong applied knowledge in predictive analytics, clinical statistics, or machine learning within the field of data science. Track record of peer-reviewed publications in relevant scientific journals Deep expertise in algorithmic implementation, statistical programming, and data manipulation In depth knowledge of domestic and international regulatory guidelines and ICH/GCP Highly developed collaboration and communication skills, be capable of explaining complex models to a wide audience Proven expertise in the proactive identification of issues which may impact clinical programs coupled with the ability to contribute to solutions affecting cross-functional matrix teams About Mirati Therapeutics Mirati Therapeutics is a late-stage biotechnology company whose mission is to discover, design and deliver breakthrough therapies to transform the lives of patients with cancer and their loved ones. The company is relentlessly focused on bringing forward therapies that address areas of high unmet need, including lung cancer, and advancing a pipeline of novel therapeutics targeting the genetic and immunological drivers of cancer. Mirati is using its scientific expertise to develop novel solutions in two registration-enabling programs: adagrasib (MRTX849), an investigational small molecule, potent and selective KRASG12C inhibitor, as monotherapy and in combination with other agents, and sitravatinib, an investigational spectrum-selective inhibitor of receptor tyrosine kinases in combination with checkpoint inhibitor therapies. Mirati is also advancing its differentiated preclinical portfolio, including MRTX1133, an investigational KRASG12D inhibitor, and other oncology discovery programs. Unified for patients, Mirati's vision is to unlock the science behind the promise of a life beyond cancer. For more information about Mirati Therapeutics, visit us at Mirati.com or follow us on Twitter and LinkedIn. Why Join? At Mirati, we have an unapologetic and relentless focus on our mission to transform the lives of patients with cancer and their loved ones. Patients and their families motivate us to work smarter, faster and better. We are driven by the knowledge that our efforts can one-day deliver life-saving therapies for the people who need us most. Urgency, open-mindedness, accountability and collaboration ground our work. These shared values are central to who we are, what we do and how we do it. Our people fuel our success. They are fearless and passionate in their daily pursuit of our mission. We are committed to continuing to create a company and experience that attracts and keeps the best people. When you want your days to count and the work you do to matter, discovering and delivering potentially life-changing therapies is more than a job, it's the chance to be part of something bigger. We believe diverse professional experiences and an inclusive culture can drive better outcomes for patients. We want employees to be authentic and use their perspectives to contribute to our mission in a meaningful way. Mirati cultivates an environment where: An entrepreneurial attitude is encouraged Our people are empowered to speak up, embrace the gray and achieve solutions Diverse experiences are an important of part making the best decisions We laugh and have fun as a work family No matter the role, we are unified by our passion for helping patients, and are inspired by a single vision to unlock the science behind the promise of a life beyond cancer. Together, we own Mirati's success. Learn more at Mirati.com/careers. Mirati is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE) we celebrate diverse experiences without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. Notice to Third Party Agencies: Please note that Mirati Therapeutics Inc. does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or employment agencies."
280,280,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=7d768760dc124399&fccid=10b5a4abcc6bf067&vjs=3, 
283,283,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=0695f35e8ad80588&fccid=10b5a4abcc6bf067&vjs=3, 
284,284,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8ef2289ea4150f03&fccid=34b29210c02ce03f&vjs=3,"Overview:  The primary responsibilities of this position are to provide statistical consulting to clients in the biotech/pharmaceutical industry in their drug development programs with a focus on protocol/study design, analysis planning, regulatory submission strategies, regulatory communication, and assist with business proposals. Responsibilities: Provide statistical consulting to clinical study design Review study protocols and write statistical sections Conduct sample size and power calculations Propose randomization methods and designs Lead regulatory submission strategy planning for statistics function Identify issues, and provide solutions to clinical operation and data management for issues that potentially impact data analyses Review and provide comments to statistical analysis plans that are written by the 3rd party Develop statistical analysis plans, both for individual studies and integrated analyses for regulatory submissions Write statistical reports for results interpretation, both for individual studies and integrated analyses for regulatory submissions, if needed Prepare statistical sections of clinical study reports if needed Participate in clinical results interpretation meetings, both for individual studies and integrated analyses for regulatory submissions Work with medical writers to assist with clinical study reports and ISS/ISE reports preparation Review clinical study reports and other regulatory submission documents Participate in regulatory communication Lead statistical methodology research and stay current on statistical methodology and drug development Mentor junior statisticians in their support of client projects Ensure that statistical personnel follow the standard operating procedures Assist with preparation of business proposals Qualifications:  Education and Experience Master’s degree in Statistics, Biostatistics, or related degree, with 8-12 years or Doctoral degree with 6-10 years of relevant experience in a health sciences research institute or the pharmaceutical/biotech industry Direct participation in design, planning, conduct, analyses, and reporting of clinical trials Direct participation in regulatory submission activities Skills Deep understanding statistical concepts and methodology related to clinical trials and drug development Comprehensive knowledge on regulatory guidelines Excellent organizational and project management skills Excellent interpersonal and communication skills An Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability."
286,286,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=27ddd8bc83bd01f4&fccid=4fd74d1a2ce63e66&vjs=3,"Senior Data Science Engineer (K-12 Education Technology) Atlanta, GA, USA  Austin, TX, USA  Charlotte, NC, USA  Chicago, IL, USA  Dallas, TX, USA  Denver, CO, USA  Los Angeles, CA, USA  Minneapolis, MN, USA  New York, NY, USA  Phoenix, AZ, USA  Portland, OR, USA  Salt Lake City, UT, USA  San Diego, CA, USA  San Francisco, CA, USA  San Jose, CA, USA  Seattle, WA, USA  United States  Virtual Req #341  Wednesday, May 26, 2021 Company Overview  At Savvas Learning Company, we’re committed to a world that’s always learning and to our talented team who makes it all possible. From bringing lectures vividly to life to turning textbooks into laptop lessons, we are always re-examining the way people learn best, whether it’s one child in our own backyard or an education community across the globe. We are bold thinkers and standout innovators who motivate each other to explore new frontiers in an environment that supports and inspires us to always be better. By pushing the boundaries of technology and each other to surpass these boundaries, we create seeds of learning that become the catalyst for the world’s innovations, personal and global, large and small.  Job Description  We are looking for an experienced data scientist to perform the design and development of data pipelines, building new predictive models and manage/train the existing models in support of the data science applications. This role is focused on developing data solutions for the business that will help to answer strategic questions and provide insights into product effectiveness.  Responsibilities  Design and implement automated data pipelines that enable further analysis by the data science team. Identify, evaluate, and select appropriate technologies aligned with the technical and business objectives. Work on a small team with dynamic priorities based on customer interactions. Work with data science team to understand requirements and develop best technical practices for working together. Research development options and provide analysis for product direction. Ensure efficient performance and scalability of all designs and implementations. Show a desire and ability to learn new technologies and techniques and share knowledge in a small-team, agile environment. Demonstrate a passion for software development and high quality code.  Qualifications  Master’s or Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, with strong fundamentals and problem solving skills. Ability to lead a small team (globally distributed) of 4-6 individuals and help drive sound engineering design, process and quality practices, and perform acceptance engineering. Communicate predictions and findings to the leadership team through effective data visualizations and reports. Proficiency in R/Python, SQL, NoSQL, Shell Scripting, Linux. Familiarity with open source data visualization tools (e.g. matplotlib, ggplot, bokeh, D3). Excellent communication and presentation skills. Skills  In-depth familiarity with Deep Learning, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, and Advanced Statistical Analysis. At least 2-3 years experience with R, Python, Java & Scala. At least 3 years experience working with SQL databases (Redshift & SQL Server). At least 2 years experience with Apache Spark, Pachyderm, or other scalable data science platforms. At least 2 years experience with statistical, machine learning, or artificial intelligence based applications. At least 1 year experience with AWS technologies: EMR, Glue, Athena, S3. At least 1 year experience with Azure SQL database. At least 1-2 years experience in DevOps. Nice to have Technical Skills  Experience with Angular JS applications. Experience with orchestration and containerization technologies: Kubernetes, Helm, Docker. This role can be home based / remote from anywhere in the United States.  More about Savvas Learning Company  Savvas Learning Company is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and a member of E-Verify. All qualified applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply.   Savvas Learning Company provides access to a benefits experience created to offer our employees choice, flexibility, and the opportunity to save money for the future. Benefits include medical, dental, vision, tax-advantaged accounts, pharmacy, life insurance, disability insurance, matching 401(k), and paid time off. Our benefits are part of a total package that is carefully designed to support the total well-being of our employees.   Please visit www.savvas.com for more information about us, or visit us at LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook, or YouTube.    #LI-JM1 Other details Pay Type Salary"
287,287,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=35cd4f31baf32414&fccid=0c746cab37cd5dd5&vjs=3,"Axos:  Born digital, Axos Bank has reinvented the banking model and grown to over $14 billion in assets since our founding in 2000. With a broad and ever-growing range of financial products, Axos Bank is rated among the top 5 digital banks in the country! Axos Financial is our holding company and publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ""AX (NYSE: AX). We bring together human insight and digital expertise to anticipate the needs of our customers. Our team members are innovative, technologically sophisticated, and motivated to achieve. Learn more about working here! The Opportunity:  You will be providing support to a fast-paced analytics department using your deep problem-solving skills and broad knowledge of quantitative modeling as it relates to the banking/financial services to analyze and identify business challenges and opportunities applying your modeling/statistics to make strategic and tactical recommendations. The Role: Support this fast-paced analytics department in analyzing and identifying business challenges and opportunities Apply modeling/statistics to make strategic and tactical recommendations Consult with business partners to develop strategy to address and influence business problems Analyze data, build BI tools, and develop financial models Research AI and financial services market conditions Assist in conducting feasibility studies to determine market demand for existing and new AI products or services Support customer acquisition strategies by vetting information from public sources and lead providers then aggregating content from data provider to stimulate development of telemarketing and email marketing campaigns Consolidate publicly available information to develop an achievable picture of a perspective customer including exploration that leverages more information pertaining to a specific area in a market or product that stimulates development for product offerings while also discovering strategic opportunities within a specific markets or demographics Communicate results and recommendation to senior management and business partners Identify opportunities to apply quantitative methods to improve business performance Communicate technical subject matter clearly and concisely to individuals from various backgrounds Develop quantitative modeling competencies of others within the same line of business Teach and mentor quantitative modelers Are You A Fit? : 5+ years' data analytics 5+ years' consumer lending underwriting in either financial services or management consulting 5 +years' problem solving/analytical role in a fast paced organization Expertise in one or more of the following: Statistical Modeling Probabilistic programming ML/AI Knowledge presentation Cognitive modeling Natural language processing Track record of fact-based communication to support senior decision-making Graduate degree in Finance, Statistics or similar quantitative field of study (Math, Economics, Financial Engineering, Physics, Industrial Engineering, Operations Research, etc.). from a highly recognized university Apply directly for consideration as we are not using any outside agencies for any of our openings:  Pre-Employment Drug Test: All offers are contingent upon the candidate successfully passing a credit check, criminal background check, and pre-employment drug screening, which includes screening for marijuana. Axos Bank is a federally regulated banking institution. At the federal level, marijuana is an illegal schedule 1 drug; therefore, we will not employ any person who tests positive for marijuana, regardless of state legalization. Equal Employment Opportunity: Axos Bank is an Equal Opportunity employer. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, religious creed, color, sex (including pregnancy, breast feeding and related medical conditions), gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, military and veteran status, marital status, age, protected medical condition, genetic information, physical disability, mental disability, or any other protected status in accordance with all applicable federal, state and local laws. Job Functions and Work Environment: While performing the duties of this position, the employee is required to sit for extended periods of time. Manual dexterity and coordination are required while operating standard office equipment such as computer keyboard and mouse, calculator, telephone, copiers, etc. The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee may encounter while performing the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this position."
288,288,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=74afe7779e10b694&fccid=d40ebe11fc879426&vjs=3,Minimum Qualifications 
289,289,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0D3vRPzZFEDaJj6KmIvSKbOhK_MCgTT66nJOOLNmHla07r9GHafbRE8axN6DhtwS29ttqM60EtDOSCEaFNyhGxEPAs_o-wNBPG5R9swiQm5ebJDmH59VuucLeD8KeVdv094ewQTmdlzCawyXieSRu-jS1Ucda0nSgeRVjovq6tuZp5YihGuyAAgrgbL4hSn7oE6w0zWXPrW1oJTJntskXwdGbQB7ChvAe25TWTF6p01Zg8E5X8yZ06OeLuVKXWvkeJEIEiVIfRUbn6pFT_1gShv_5YvbH_mJtgLA1MEpRmIYmGuYX0ZjTckjmj1gkB37euM3Qt5OORk0A3lbN01eNcssPNH49gP4JDqU3SWMc0UrZVgugxEVM8bhhKj7eWHOEBSCSk4MC3NO__vE1YDt7wtYCg2ghOEqG4WkbdK69Ao6PKLCQi-7tkTRZRqzs-im28wVAKmTTjYGRy5I1cJfHdEH7wTvdi-Jt59UxCpH6zOEaHwYBbZtKVbRVBpo5Kxc4oJYyhf-vEeQB_1M4Stj3Op&p=14&fvj=1&vjs=3,"At Reveal, we believe that data matters. Help us use the power of data to innovate the field of pathology and improve global healthcare. Our proprietary deep learning-based platform, ImageDx™, delivers scientists and pathologists a novel class of actionable, quantitative data to accelerate research and enhance patient care.We are seeking an enthusiastic and talented image data scientist to join our computational pathology team. The successful candidate will be a key member of the team developing new technical approaches for our computer-assisted diagnosis digital pathology products. This is an excellent opportunity to work on challenging, interesting projects with great potential for significant societal impact.The successful candidate will enjoy working in a highly collaborative environment developing, cutting-edge products. Excellent communication and creative problem-solving skills are required. Previous experience in digital pathology, high content screening, or large biomedical image sets is a plus.Qualifications: MS or PhD in computer science or related field, preferably in machine learning/computer vision5 years of hands-on development experience of complex machine learning and deep learning systems for image analysis, segmentation, classification and object detection using modern frameworks and tools such as TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, etc.Demonstrated expertise in large scale analytics development and deploymentEngineering experience with CI/CD, Docker, K8, HPC a strong advantageExperienced in writing peer-reviewed scientific manuscriptsReveal offers a competitive salary, equity and benefits package: An open, collaborative and engaged team focused on making a differenceFlexible work schedule with the ability to work remotely4 weeks paid leave per year with extended holidays and team-approved leaveTeam Building events including company lunches and outingsHealthcare plans including medical (HMO & PPO), vision, and dentalEmployer-paid life insuranceJob Type: Full-timeBenefits:Dental insuranceDisability insuranceEmployee assistance programFlexible scheduleHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Master's (Preferred)Work Location:Fully RemoteCompany's website:revealbio.comBenefit Conditions:Only full-time employees eligibleCOVID-19 Precaution(s):Remote interview processVirtual meetings"
290,290,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=bdda35739f344a80&fccid=51d3ab465a17527d&vjs=3,"Since 2007, Genalyte has been guided by the vision of performing panels of tests and receiving results within a few minutes. As we look to the future, Genalyte’s technology will transform health care- moving lab testing from the lab into the physician’s office.  We are well funded with outstanding growth potential. We are looking for individuals inspired by our technology and vision, who are eager to be at the ground level of this collaborative and entrepreneurial company. We want to hire individuals who are interested in creating an innovative, fast-paced and dynamic work setting. We offer a competitive salary and benefits package to attract, motivate, and retain the highest caliber of employee.  About the Role We are seeking a Sr. Data Scientist who will be responsible designing, modeling and developing algorithms for Genalyte’s analytics platform. This position supports, gathers, creates and maintains data and workflows for data analysis, handling and management. We need an individual ready to develop scripts to analyze data from multiple data sources and recommends enhancements to data workflow processes, designs, builds, implements, improves and maintains high performance and highly scalable automated data pipelines.  Role is responsible for:  Design, develop, and maintain algorithms and models used in the health analytics platform that reflect the functional needs of the business. Gather and maintain appropriate data required for the models. Perform analysis of data for evaluation, validation and optimization. Present analysis and results using charts, tables, and reports to functional technical and non-technical leaders.  About You This role requires you to be a proficient technical expert with at least 7 years of working experience in a Data Scientist role. This role also requires a PhD or Master’s degree in Biostatistics, Statistics, Mathematics or a related field. Beyond education and years of experience, you should be experienced with multiple statistical programming languages such as Python, R or Matlab.  The most successful candidates will be those who are self-motivated and enthusiastic for working in fast-paced and collaborative environment.  4PXNTyQXDC"
293,293,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=89a18ebe6c249dc3&fccid=75a3a5a15b202084&vjs=3,"Company Description About us, but we’ll be brief We are thrilled to share that FORTUNE has named Experian one of the 100 Best Companies to Work For. In addition, for the last five years we’ve been name in the top 100 “World’s Most Innovative Companies” by Forbes Magazine. Experian DataLabs is a R&D unit at Experian formed with the desire to work in collaboration with Experian’s business units to enhance relationships with clients and acquire strategic datasets. Experian® is a global leader in providing information, analytical tools and marketing services to organizations and consumers to help manage the risk and reward of commercial and financial decisions. Using our comprehensive understanding of individuals, markets and economies, we help organizations find, develop and manage customer relationships to make their businesses more profitable.  Job Description What you’ll be doing You will be part of Experian North America R&D DataLabs concentrating on research and development of novel analytical solutions, new product prototyping, as well as new data asset evaluation and acquisition. This position requires extensive background and knowledge in deep learning and machine learning. The key job functions include: Develop complex machine learning-based analytical solutions extracting insights from large amount of structured and unstructured data from diverse data sources Identify/develop appropriate machine learning/deep learning/natural language understanding/natural language processing techniques to uncover the value of the data Designing data structure and data storage schemes for efficient data manipulation and information retrieval Developing tools for data processing and information retrieval Analyzing, processing, evaluating and documenting large data sets Applying, developing and inventing algorithms to solve challenging business problems Validating score performance and conducting ROI and benefit analysis Documenting and presenting model process and model performance  Qualifications What your background looks like Advanced degree in Machine Learning, Data Science, AI, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Physics, Statistics, Applied Math or other quantitative fields 0-6 years of working experience in data science, and/or predictive modeling Demonstrated ability to lead and execute projects from start to finish Ability to independently support existing products Proven track record in modifying and applying advanced algorithms to address practical problems Experience in deep learning (CNN, RNN, LSTM, attention models, etc.), machine learning (SVM, GLM, boosting, random forest, etc.), graph models, and/or, reinforcement learning. Experience with generative modeling techniques such as GAN Experience with open source tools for deep learning and machine learning technology such as pytorch, Keras, tensorflow, scikit-learn, pandas, etc. Proven ability to work independently on development of complex models with extremely large and complex data structures Proficient in more than one of Python, R, Java, C++, or C Experience in large data analysis using Spark (pySpark preferred) Robust knowledge and experience with statistical methods Plusses: Experience with Natural Language Processing, Natural Language Understanding, and the relevant open-source tools Experience in developing, modifying and experimenting advanced language models Experience in developing/applying/evaluating conversational AI technology Extensive knowledge of SQL Experience with Hadoop and NoSQL related technologies such as Map Reduce, Hive, HBase, mongoDB, Cassandra, etc. Experience with online, mobile marketing analytics Experience with GPU programming Solid knowledge of Bayesian statistical inference and related machine learning methods. Experience with Agile methods for software development Perks During this pandemic, all Experian employees are working remotely. Once it’s safe to do so, we’ll slowly return to our offices however we are in no rush to do this. The safety of our employees is of utmost importance. Four weeks of vacation to start, five sick days and two volunteer days (plus eleven paid holidays) Competitive pay and comprehensive benefits package, with a bonus target of 20% Flexible work schedule and relaxed dress code Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. Experian is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. Our goal is to create a thriving, inclusive and diverse team where people love their work and love working together. We believe that diversity, equity and inclusion is essential to our purpose of creating a better tomorrow. We value the uniqueness of every individual and want you to bring your whole, authentic self to work. For us, this is The Power of YOU and it ensures that we live what we believe."
294,294,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ae6d614847e05eb5&fccid=e491de4661eaba06&vjs=3,"Data Scientist Corporate Office, 15445 Innovation Dr, San Diego, California, United States of America Req #1209  Thursday, June 10, 2021 EDF Renewables North America, a subsidiary of EDF Renewables, is a leading North American independent power producer boasting over 30 years of experience across a broad spectrum of services. Our mission is to deliver renewable solutions to lead the transition to a sustainable energy future. The Data Scientist will lead and participate in the development, validation and delivery of algorithms, statistical models and reporting tools in the context of EDFR’s Wind Energy Team. The employee will solve complex analytical problems and develop automated tools to streamline established wind assessment methodologies. This position will interact with internal customers and stakeholders to ensure project success while ensuring deadlines are met. The incumbent must be comfortable with project management as well as designing, creating, and deploying the data architecture to deliver solutions.  Ideal candidates will possess a combination of business knowledge, technical skills, and people skills to define and guide data strategy for the Resource Assessment team and maximize user adoption of any new tools or models put forth. Responsibilities: 60% Data Science Activities:  Contribute to R&D efforts in the energy assessment field using pre-construction and operational data. Collaborates with business partners to understand their problems and goals, develop predictive modeling, statistical analysis, data reports and performance metrics. Use programming skills to explore, examine and interpret large volumes of data in various forms. Develops and uses algorithms and statistical predictive models and determines analytical approaches and modeling techniques to evaluate scenarios and potential future outcomes. Performs analyses of structured and unstructured data to solve multiple complex business problems utilizing advanced statistical techniques and mathematical analyses and broad knowledge of the organization and industry. Interacts with internal and external peers and managers to exchange complex information related to areas of specialization. Conducts data analysis and research, designs algorithm, recommends ongoing improvements to existing applications to help find new information for business decisions. 25% Resource Assessment Efficiency, Methodology, and Research Initiatives: Maintain ownership of EDFR’s automated Wind Resource Assessment Methodology code library Collaborates with team members to ensure such a tool continually meets the group's needs. Optimize performance of tools where appropriate for efficiency gains and increased robustness. Bring data science techniques and machine learning algorithms to bear in both pre-construction development analyses and post-construction operational analyses. Integrates analysis tools to leverage existing databases and application that store turbine data, met data, wind farm production data, and energy estimate results. Develops innovative and effective data-driven algorithms and applications for energy assessment using advanced statistical and predictive modelling techniques. Provides training/maintenance/bug-fixes/updates for in-house proprietary software packages and develops new modules to meet ongoing increasing needs from the energy assessment team. 10% Resource Assessment Project Work:  Estimates energy production for wind projects under development Designs turbine layouts to optimize energy production and minimize construction costs Analyzes and solves resource assessment and development challenges Analyzes data to identify and evaluate new sites for future projects Communicates site characteristics, energy production potential, and risks to members of the Senior Management Team and Regional Developers Supports the key project development functions for all projects, including financial feasibility analysis, permitting, engineering, due diligence, project legal review, etc. 5% Other duties as assigned Supervision of Others: 0 Qualifications: (Degree/Certifications/License/Experience/Specialized Knowledge/Skills) Education/Experience Bachelor’s Degree in mathematics, statistics, computer science, engineering, or related field required. Master’s Degree or PhD, a plus. Minimum of 3 years’ experience providing advanced analytics within a business setting preferred. 1 year of data science implementation. 2 or more years supporting progressively complex projects in predictive modeling, data analytics, machine learning, and big data technologies. Minimum 2 years’ experience in SAS or SQL or other programming languages such as Python, Fortran or other MVC languages. Skills/Knowledge/Abilities Strong interest in Renewable Energy and the environment Able to facilitate discussions between small groups of technical leaders, recognize issues of conflict and inconsistency between data requirements, and pursue a resolution of these issues Ability to work with large data sets from multiple data sources. Strong knowledge of advanced analytics tools and languages to analyze large data sets from multiple data sources. Anticipates and prevents problems and roadblocks before they occur. Demonstrates the ability to communicate technical ideas and results to non-technical clients in written and verbal form. Ability to work cooperatively as part of a team, as well as independently under own initiative Effective communications skills that enable successful advocacy and alignment with a long-term vision Self-starter, motivated, able to manage multiple priorities and tasks in a dynamic environment with a good understanding of software development standards and best practices Working Conditions: Approximately 95% of time is spent in the office environment, utilizing computers, servers, peripheral equipment, phones, and general office equipment. Approximately 5% of the time is spent traveling outside of the office to other EDF Renewables locations or vendor locations located in the US, Canada and Mexico, for the purpose of project related work, and to attend conferences, trade shows, and professional development events. We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/D/V. We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing. Other details Pay Type Salary"
295,295,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=df48cfdff30c15ec&fccid=5549c6b9723b4956&vjs=3,"At Rockstar Games, we create world-class entertainment experiences.  A career at Rockstar Games is about being part of a team working on some of the most creatively rewarding and ambitious projects to be found in any entertainment medium. You would be welcomed to a dedicated and inclusive environment where you can learn, and collaborate with some of the most talented people in the industry.  Rockstar Games is on the lookout for talented Data Scientists who possess a passion for both games, and big data. This is a full-time permanent position based out of Rockstar's unique game development studio in the heart of Manhattan or our studio in San Diego, CA.  WHAT WE DO The Rockstar Analytics team provides insights and actionable results to a wide variety of stakeholders across the organization in support of their decision making. We collaborate as a global team to develop cutting-edge data products, data models, reports, analyses, and machine learning applications. We are currently adding team members to multiple verticals, including; Platform and Business Intellegence. RESPONSIBILITIES Assure Rockstar's ongoing competitive advantage through best-in-class Machine Learning initiatives that have a high potential of applicability in industry. Identify and contribute to analytical experiments aligned with long-term strategic initiatives. Develop and contribute to machine learning enabled solutions to address critical live ops questions. Design, build, and participate in validation tests to assess the efficiency of the model (or algorithm) in place and provide strategic insights to stakeholders who work in varying aspects of the business such as Game Security and Customer Experience. Conduct proactive in-depth analysis and predictive modeling to respond to emerging live ops situations. Partner with data analysts, data engineers, data scientists, and stakeholders to better understand requirements, find bottlenecks, and implement resolutions. Collaborate with the Analytics Tech lead to establish best practices for repeated application. Work within a team of data analysts and engineers. QUALIFICATIONS 5+ years in data science or similar role in the gaming, marketing, finance, or technology fields required. 5+ years of experience in machine learning / statistical languages and systems such as Python, R. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field, with a strong quantitative background. Passion for Rockstar Games and our titles. SKILLS Knowledge of machine learning techniques such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, Data Mining, Clustering, and Classification. Experience in pushing models to production and iterating on models in production. Proficiency in statistics such as distributions, predictive modeling, data validation, statistical testing, and regression. Ability to develop and maintain good relations and communicate with people at all hierarchical levels. Strong problem-solving skills. Ability to reconcile technical and business perspectives. Autonomy and entrepreneurship. Strong team spirit. DESIRED  Please note that these are desirable skills and are not required to apply for the position.  2+ years using SQL (or a SQL-like language) required, other programming experience highly preferred. Experience with Hadoop and PySpark. Experience with Azure ML. Graduate degree (MBA, MSc or Master's, PHD), an asset. Game industry experience strongly desired. HOW TO APPLY  Please apply with a resume and cover-letter demonstrating how you meet the skills above. If we would like to move forward with your application, a Rockstar recruiter will reach out to you to explain next steps and guide you through the process.  Rockstar is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and we are committed to hiring, promoting, and compensating employees based on their qualifications and demonstrated ability to perform job responsibilities.  If you've got the right skills for the job, we want to hear from you. We encourage applications from all suitable candidates regardless of age, disability, gender identity, sexual orientation, religion, belief, or race."
299,299,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8f9fda47aa1ec805&fccid=db924d4313fc2b9b&vjs=3,"About Us SOCi is an award-winning all-in-one local marketing platform built specifically for ""next-level"" multi-location marketers. Our customers include top brands and influencers like Ace Hardware, Sport Clips, and Anytime Fitness who have the impossible challenge of managing their digital presence across hundreds and thousands of locations. The SOCi platform empowers local management of the entire customer journey across multiple mediums including local business listings, social, reviews, listening, ads, bots, and more. As the central command for multi-location marketers, SOCi makes the impossible possible by enabling top brands and their locations to strengthen and scale their digital presence across limitless local search and social pages while protecting what matters most, their reputation. Our accolades include: Recently closed a Series D investment round of $80 million, led by JMI Equity Inc. 5000 honoree three years in a row for Fastest Growing Companies in America Entrepreneur magazine’s #1 Marketing Provider for Franchises, and top provider three years in a row Front Runner for Gartner’s SoftwareAdvice.com in Reputation Management & Brand Management Top 200 rank on Financial Times The Americas’ Fastest Growing Companies two years in a row Forbes America’s Best Startup Employers We’re looking for a Sr. Data Analyst Business Intelligence and Analytics who will support driving the strategic and day-to-day efforts to capture business intelligence and to provide meaningful analytics and actionable insights to progress SOCi business goals.This role will provide actionable insights and visibility to business trends processing several different types of data. The focus of this work will be organized into daily, weekly, and monthly reporting deliverables, and often require additional deep dives into certain KPI’s where executives may have additional questions or need further insights. You will play a critical role in delivering world class GTM reporting to Sales, Marketing, Customer Success, and other GTM functions. Responsibilities: Work closely with stakeholders to identify critical business objectives, brainstorming solutions enabled by analytics, scoping analytics projects and deliverables Assist in building out processes and tools focused on data preparations, data integration, data exploration, data visualization, ETL development, data warehousing and modelling techniques. Find trends and patterns within the data to help answer “What’s working, what’s not?” Manage internal and external data sources for information and enhance data integrity and quality to provide actionable analytical insights into core business decisions such as prioritization of growth opportunities. Perform reporting and analysis on core go-to-market KPI’s providing key insights for driving our go-to-market strategy Lead projects and work streams end-to-end, from project management, research, analysis and recommendations. This includes projects focused on territory planning, target account selection, pipeline forecast accuracy, customer health, customer churn rates, deal velocity, funnel analytics Identify trends across our marketing and sales pipeline generation, marketing channel metrics, sales cycles, close rates, activity ratios, renewals, and churn rates, reviewing for insights with deep understanding of Marketing, Sales, and Customer Success best practices and benchmarks Experience building models for Annual Operating Planning: Bookings, Capacity, Quota, Compensation, Pipeline, Forecast, etc. Solid understanding of CRM systems, quote to cash management infrastructures and analytics around sales pipeline modeling. Define and socialize universal KPIs and dashboards to track performance and success of efforts linked to business outcomes Required Skills + Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in Business Intelligence, Analytics ,Computer Information Systems, Mathematics or related field required At least 4+ years experience in a Data Analytics, Business Intelligence, Reporting, or similar role, preferably in a high-growth B2B Enterprise SaaS environment. Strong expertise with Excel, BI tools and ERP systems (i.e. Tableau, Alteryx, Netsuite) Outstanding SQL data architecting/engineering (relational and dimensional data modeling) a plus Experience with Python/R for data manipulation/modelling a plus Experience with statistical modeling a plus Very experienced with Salesforce Ability to drive projects from conception through delivery and to translate business needs into actionable results Understanding of sales methodology and the disciplines necessary to drive efficient sales execution at scale Self-starter mentality and entrepreneurial spirit with a strong drive for excellence and delivery of results Ability to operate in a lean, fast-paced organization, and to create a vision and organization that can scale quickly What's SOCi's culture like? Led by a team of industry experts, SOCi is leading the pack in Social Media and Reputation Management. Our passionate team of SOCialites work at convenient locations in both San Diego, CA and Austin, TX. We offer flexible PTO, comprehensive health & benefits packages and 401k (amongst many other perks). Every new team member is equipped with a MacBook laptop, tech accessories & SOCi swag. We are a fast-paced, agile environment where thought leadership and input is encouraged. If you are looking for a place where you can come and make a difference in the way enterprise organizations utilize social technology, then SOCi is for you. SOCi is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex including sexual orientation and gender identity, national origin, disability, protected Veteran Status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.  K2BuPBFIzq"
301,301,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a3465f69bd9a1ba3&fccid=90b07f1fecfcc175&vjs=3,"GROW WITH US: Tandem Diabetes Care is dedicated to making the lives of people with diabetes better and better through relentless innovation. “In Tandem” means together, and we strive to embody that in every aspect of our business. DIABETES IS ALL WE DO: At Tandem, Diabetes is all we do. We are the makers of the only color, touch-screen insulin pump that is capable of remote feature updates and compatibility with continuous glucose monitoring. Read more about our company and check out our latest product features and capabilities here: t:slim X2™ Insulin Pump with Control-IQ™ Technology In addition to innovative technology, we have a culture that fosters the idea that the happiest people are the most productive people. We treat our fellow employees like friends and family, and the company like our own home. This universal respect allows us the freedom to be ourselves and to be effective at our jobs, knowing at the end of the day that we can trust everyone to do the right thing, for each other and for the company. You can learn more about our culture and life at tandem here: https://www.tandemdiabetes.com/careers/life-at-tandem and See what our customers are saying here: #tsliminthewild A DAY IN THE LIFE: The Sr. Workforce Data Analyst is responsible for aligning the company’s staffing needs with customer demand while reducing labor costs by finding efficiencies in how we leverage our resources. This role is responsible for forecasting, intraday staffing analysis, scheduling, service level management and ensuring business continuity for multiple call center functions and locations. This role supports multiple functional areas with long-range planning, short-term scheduling, and real-time service level management. The Sr. Workforce Data Analyst will support the Workforce Management Supervisor as a primary point of contact for strategic data analysis and recommendations to the Technical Support department leaders, as well as other company stakeholders. YOU’RE AWESOME AT: 6 years of call center experience Bachelor’s degree or equivalent (business, math, statistics, or comparable analytic field) 5 years of WFM experience in a multi-channel call center environment. with at least 300 employees and utilizing multiple service channels (phone/email/text/chat) and multiple languages. Two years of experience in trend analysis. Experience with WFM Tools, including Reporting and Analysis systems, such as InContact, IEX, Power BI, Calabrio, Genesys, and Avaya. Must be highly proficient on computers, excellent knowledge and use of Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) Comfortable reporting and presenting data to call-center staff and company management Strong knowledge of workforce management calculations and contact center key performance indicators in a multi-time zone, multi-lingual, omnichannel (phone/email/text/chat) service environment. Strong data analysis experience; experience compiling data metrics. Mathematical or statistical course work. Superior quantitative and critical thinking skills. EXTRA AWESOME: Develops and maintains hiring forecasts, incorporating complex factors such as customer demand, expected employee turnover, planned efficiency gains, new product launches and other marketing initiatives. Creates and maintains metrics related to workforce management, to include forecasting, call center statistics, capacity planning and scheduling. Accountable for meeting call center service level goals. Performs analysis on metrics to make scheduling recommendations to management that are appropriate to call volume projections in order to achieve service level goals and maximize efficiency. Maintains accurate measures of forecasts, capacity plans and schedule plans by individual team members, by specific phone queues, and by the department in order to optimize staffing requirements. Proactively forecasts and builds mitigation plans for staffing gaps and challenges; Simulates different scenarios and develops contingency plans for unexpected events. Oversees root-cause analysis to determine and quantify reasons for forecast variance and recommends changes to enhance forecast accuracy and effectiveness. Generates ideas for performance-based incentives aimed at motivating employees. Monitors call and other service queues and makes necessary adjustments based on seasonal variations, agent vacations, holidays, product launches, or other cyclical patterns that impact call volume. Identifies areas of opportunity for quality or productivity improvements for call center staff and reports the impact of these process improvements. Recommends the best times for meetings, training, new hire classes, etc. based upon predicted service levels. Ensures that forecasts, capacity plans and schedules are generated in a timely and precise fashion. WHAT’S IN IT FOR YOU? At Tandem, our employees are just as important as our customers! Not only do we hire the best, we reward, develop, and retain them too. At Tandem we offer competitive compensation packages, superb medical, dental and vision, a discounted stock purchasing plan, fitness discounts, generous PTO, casual work attire and more! For a full list of benefits please review our perks page at https://www.tandemdiabetes.com/careers/benefits. BE YOU, WITH US! We’re always looking for awesome, forward-thinking achievers to join our workforce. We are committed to making sure our company fully reflects the diverse consumers who use our product. We are making strides towards this goal and are firmly committed to being an equal opportunity employer and maintaining a diverse and inclusive environment. REFERRALS: We love a good referral! If you know someone that would be a great fit for this position, please share! If you are applying for this job and live in California, please read Tandem’s CCPA Notice: https://www.tandemdiabetes.com/careers/california-consumer-privacy-act-notice-for-job-applicants"
302,302,San+Diego,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1553153b840c404c&fccid=5549c6b9723b4956&vjs=3,"At Rockstar Games, we create world-class entertainment experiences.  A career at Rockstar Games is about being part of a team working on some of the most creatively rewarding and ambitious projects to be found in any entertainment medium. You would be welcomed to a dedicated and inclusive environment where you can learn, and collaborate with some of the most talented people in the industry.  Rockstar is seeking an experienced data analyst to join our growing Analytics practice and help build Rockstar's business intelligence capacity. Successful candidates will work with analytics and product leadership to assure that the most relevant possible real-time and historical data is identified, tracked, analyzed, and made actionable across all of our titles. This is a full-time permanent position based out of Rockstar's unique game development studio in the heart of downtown Manhattan or our San Diego studio in Carlsbad, CA.  WHAT WE DO The Rockstar Analytics team provides insights and actionable results to a wide variety of stakeholders across the organization in support of their decision making. We are currently adding team members to multiple verticals including; Game Analytics, Player Research, LiveOps & BI. RESPONSIBILITIES Partner with analysts and live producers to identify strategic business questions, key metrics, and actionable insights. Provide consumer-ready recommendations, insights and reporting to Analytics team leadership, live producers, product managers and partner groups. Effectively translate statistical findings into actionable recommendations for senior leaders on game and business teams. Research and develop state-of-the-art data mining and statistical modeling solutions to understand game design, system performance and key business behaviors, such as player engagement. Drive needle moving improvements via hands-on exploration of data, dashboards, statistical analysis and predictive modeling. Combine qualitative and quantitative driven insights with game knowledge to recommend potential avenues to the game and business teams. Drive requirements for data collection and for data modeling with data engineers Work within a team of data analysts and engineers. QUALIFICATIONS 5+ years in a similar position or an analytics role in the gaming, marketing, finance, or technology fields. Extensive knowledge of data analysis techniques, languages, software and systems (SAS, R, Matlab, Python, SPSS, Tableau) required. Extensive knowledge in SQL (or a SQL-like language) required. Bachelor's degree in a quantitative field (Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Operational Research, Business Intelligence or any other relevant field). Game industry experience strongly desired. Graduate degree (MBA, MSc or master's, PHD), an asset. Experience with Vertica and Hadoop, an asset. SKILLS Story telling. Ability to develop and maintain good relations and communicate with people at all hierarchical levels. Strong problem-solving skills. Ability to reconcile technical and business perspectives. Autonomy and entrepreneurship. Strong team spirit. Passion for Rockstar Games and our titles. HOW TO APPLY  Please apply with a resume and cover-letter demonstrating how you meet the skills above. If we would like to move forward with your application, a Rockstar recruiter will reach out to you to explain next steps and guide you through the process.  Rockstar is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and we are committed to hiring, promoting, and compensating employees based on their qualifications and demonstrated ability to perform job responsibilities.  If you've got the right skills for the job, we want to hear from you. We encourage applications from all suitable candidates regardless of age, disability, gender identity, sexual orientation, religion, belief, or race."
303,303,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BLzogDK9wRVFiUMOVrptJnax_mui56CeEwPjYnbOa27GMnFPIxi-tdxMlfRU5yJJGHrqCktAazUEGSZHFl3IzHsj9cvhe44Fs5EBjt9-aS6PFMXy7IZFAudT8QauuECjvMKwHSwJT1FaLGpEyHXiMsgi2-nP3Oc4Eleo0548Y5Pl0YpNUTZhYuAYZnnaJCaFx7i5t-tmi130mbAYIHKg5z1C0lfPANYXxBEC7XwvuTkgP_7_KRRNULvu2vbXg0ymyRON4L6PhGZMrzOi6aFs3BotmDkKou9QmJWq0J2z3IeL7cVkbHYDcutO02-tWBz_9HfstiMBt6RIq3DkTR5EDGR5Q4C6RzfLl9Y2yOmFrazificbqm8FTO4A_boftc-ZmdiebODSN64F6RTqqP2nt0M3xTveqL0-2H0f7E2DSXqOt1Oa8DrOv89kSQ9M87bRLR4Gn8OLWucgHM12LEnvaOuz0ppaYZmsQ5HuLaK8nVvbrDDEMbloF-_FGW-Y9kvNxCULQ6w8ab9ts2FXWNs5HUM9tAZyLcQeU=&p=0&fvj=0&vjs=3,"Click “Apply on Company Website” and our recruiting assistant Olivia will help you schedule an interview with our team. TurnPoint Services is a national leading service provider of plumbing, electrical and HVAC. The key to growth of the business is its people. We are dedicated to creating an environment that attracts and retains talented and passionate people. The key outcome to our unprecedented growth is through supporting a healthy and productive relationship with our team and continuing to improve performance by enhancing the career path of each of our team members. Data scientists utilize their analytical, statistical, and programming skills to collect, analyze, and interpret large data sets. They then use this information to develop data-driven solutions to difficult business challenges. Data scientists commonly have a bachelor's degree in statistics, math, computer science, or economics. Data scientists have a wide range of technical competencies including: statistics and machine learning, coding languages, databases, machine learning, and reporting technologies. It is essential that this individual can hit the ground running and be up to speed with our procedures quickly. This individual is responsible for managing & implementing enterprise systems in a fast-paced environment with a heavy emphasis on automation, process improvement, and innovative solutions. This position reports directly to the Senior Director, IT & Business Integration. Pay Range: $100,000 - $120,000 yrAnnual Bonus Opportunity ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS and RESPONSIBILITIES: o Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions. o Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies. o Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques. o Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. o Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes. o Develop company A/B testing framework and test model quality. o Ability to understand API Specs, identify relevant API calls, extract/transform data and implement SQL friendly data structures o Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes. o Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy. QUALIFICATIONS:  o Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions. o Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies. o Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques. o Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. o Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes. o Develop company A/B testing framework and test model quality. o Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes. o Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy. Additional Compensation and Benefits:Affordable Medical, Dental and Vision plans401K with 3% company matchShort- and Long-Term Disability plansAccident & Critical Illness Insurance available 20K Life Insurance Policy freeAdditional life insurance available 6 Paid Holidays each yearPaid Time Off  TurnPoint Services – Turning Bad Days into Good Ones. Turnpoint Services is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law."
304,304,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0CzeGWOjRdOR2DdzguH-JnvuerQhYKM8ycpn9HUixiNoz37HNBW9SwHmEyLupb6qCQD-39PZIuQO-WXF_eYAGRn-cPLA05KXoXxW7UKQ8kv2v1TS2aEhTFb2DceJD6LZrz3ZwRGyypAapSwEd1wqAJx-Ro5q7VcepbTcN7rgMpSkpZ1rL-yQPzj3peryF6qcDP338xFUY-qS0YAULyvwAx4uS622xdiRs8vF0TvkhOcRfXuNPWfksiar4I-Xr3Xrlf76B2QHPkSTfQNjb_UDk68X39JtDjpr1A5OpQa8ccqHOfi4rx9zvv-ybz27mWE175PnzxH2Y0lqZ_1uR6-WyKS-S367ygz8YLXQtTVK1PR08KxAOmkV0i5R-4v7yFExXCs6mhEutRJchwSfzzPMf97UVCczUf_fvDCneHnjQ464R6XIfIf5UmnfID7sKcbRAI5L0raPKrMt6jhD09wW_ryWn2FArFQHBc=&p=1&fvj=1&vjs=3,"Job Description We're looking for an advanced mathematician who has the ability to think in entirely new ways. This person should be excited to solve complex problems by applying the combination of a deep mathematics background with intuition and the feedback of experts in the field.The successful mathematician at Event Dynamic will utilize strong problem-solving skills, significant programming experience, and business analytics to solve real-world dynamic pricing problems at scale. This role will be highly involved in the development of the core AI-driven pricing product and will be expected to make key business decisions on complex real-world problems. This position will interface with the subject matter experts and machine learning team to communicate business impacts of technical decisions.Job ResponsibilitiesAutomation of the ML pipeline and development of models to scale. Generalization of pricing models for new use cases. Collects, creates, ingests, analyzes, evaluates, and iterates through datasets to explore key features, develop training data sets, and create new models.Performs Feature Engineering on the ML pricing models. Works within a team of data science professionals and digs into complex technical problems. Reports back on findings and technical decisions to subject matter experts.Will show drive and initiative to push the core product and technology forward. Collaborates with cross-cutting team of executives, product managers, clients, software engineers, and data scientists.RequirementsA bachelor or master’s, or PhD degree in a highly quantitative field (Computer Science, Machine Learning, Operational Research, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering etc.) or equivalent experience.Minimum of two years’ experience utilizing advanced mathematics and/or machine learning techniques to solve real-world problems. Experience writing code to build complex data pipelines.Experience using Python and ML libraries, pandas preferredMinimum of four years’ experience in software development and data analysis.Excellent verbal and written communication. Ability to present complex technical findings to a team of subject matter experts.Company DescriptionEvent Dynamic’s technology is the most sophisticated ticket pricing system in the world. We employ artificial intelligence and advanced mathematics to automate ticket pricing, delivering smart and adaptive prices that puts lost revenue back in the hands of primary rights holders of live events.Job Type: Full-timeSchedule:Monday to FridayExperience:software development: 4 years (Required)Machine Learning: 2 years (Required)data analysis: 4 years (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Language:English (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)"
305,305,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0AuKz8EBO1xHDEL7V2YF9xF3dC_I9B9i-Zw2Jh8clPMK9BxhHDJszxSyW718EipT5PhpS9GhIkoNQj-Gw5EIG2jEGcWAX56w_HqONNvSmrQmLaG1o7yJkeqtV3Ev14u549MbFTKDvwY9RsBwg3XJOmhc9WGSC0C5e50SHDx3Au_cBXq6EJq792YQcw5f6D9SyMNBSLB7A4s8aL_FyrnmOTIWaXsX6Mu3_uTGHF3sRkDNb_0dWgvqwLT4sravQC_vtfq72UIdjp_dM8KL3KKM0MdNkxe1hWU21A3jTxSyMbsM2zzsvjr3ryZ56tQSqzvkV-_7e91oM-_izPa3G50Gp07wUtYM9DIdEhbofeTz8aFFgSHx5y2rCVD6sjsazXK53KscS1HOBaHh07rHdNWM-9w9lYYalrznyeOv0EjK42i4Nn4FR4s1m6N19eY38_8iqhAm3jMCU2Y_9cUL4QxyxLUqQgHu7T130oosQY1eNjjcQ3jJMq3tlRmE2VDuJYNy0greJB8ag6KtbmyMxx1rvYCrjCE5j5hOaqBi4-i9HEVb9Isn81HJYVcfOpAJ5ntf6WUkbOPRDhEC8egkShnyZ9m8o1DLaU6BdWagDtndZU-5rAI0jodMFAg3i5RD82UOylZu3WY3vslQHe29PucOuhc6-mIvTc2MYBFRToIpUpNnRLf72nkQ-yqg7B1NjFPG3Ldhoyl15B93i2IDXBdVQjwVZ-x-xuL97fLJqpn8M1L0uJ4DoPIWtH8SghEtGWCqY5jNGi_6rQ7JrXDRRrfJlttoVYWUL_iPSwhxTZvuKbt-2zNgYPHxlgPiLa4WYZIm6_dDH2388eJ8visi-jNduA-7_rSFegUa92SR3rZJNR3LVF-yJlJAfISso4aDtCARGUoWCGypTbwG5vHfWF34-CZoMTCtfiW0srwvV9m3_Iz_Y-fdRC6a4ul7wiN2VHy2jg8MT0X8IYtFA==&p=2&fvj=0&vjs=3,"Equivalent Experience  TEKsystems is searching for a Data Scientist for a remote position that will be a multi-year contract. Our client is needing a Data Scientist to help with technical coordination and guidance regarding the transposition, modifications and analysis of communicable data. We need a candidate with extensive skills in data manipulation (using SAS, R, SQL, or other related software) and analysis. Data Migration and Management:Assist Informatics Supervisor during the data migration process.Perform data manipulation and transformation protocols.Ensure data migrated from historical registries is accurately transposed and mapped.Provide other data migration and management services in support of approved projects. Data Reporting and Visualization:Assist Informatics Supervisor in the development of reports and documentation related to communicable diseases.Use data visualization and analytical techniques to relay information.Provide other data reporting and visualization services in support of approved projects. Provide Technical Expertise and Assistance:Assist Informatics Supervisor in modeling related information to inform thought-leaders.Assist Informatics Supervisor in the publication of any notable findings.Provide other technical expertise and assistance in support of approved projects. Pay will be based on experience and a drug and background check is required. About TEKsystems: We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law."
307,307,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=f0ab319f578de529&fccid=18d033cdaf819056&vjs=3,"Clinical Data Scientist: The Clinical Data Scientist integrates data within the clinical applications/systems throughout the hospital system to create and assist with program development, research, and quality improvement for the programs within the Trauma Department. The scientist analyzes data from various databases and sources, performing statistical evaluations, developing reports, presentations, maintains databases, and provides consultation to other researchers/ leaders for research studies and process improvement projects. Advises and collaborates with Principal Investigators, research faculty, and the multidisciplinary team to meet the needs of a research study or process improvement project while ensuring compliance with all Children's policies, state and federal regulations that govern clinical research. This position is a full-time, day position, (80 hours a pay period) Monday - Friday. This is a hybrid position, and you will be in the office one day a week. ( You will be in the office every day until completion of orientation) Job Specific Responsibilities: Uses mathematics, programming, and visualization to prepare tables, quality graphs of results for inclusion in reports, presentations, abstracts, manuscripts, and grant opportunities. This role is firmly customer-facing, with an expectation of constant contact communication with both clinical and business customers to define questions, explore solutions, and present results. Evaluates research needs and uses advanced techniques for analysis and study/project designs. Serves as study PI as appropriate. Collaborate with the leadership team to implement an integrated clinical data system and statistical analysis plan, which includes communicating statistical results and writing analysis sections for research protocols and manuscripts. Experience: At least 2 years of clinical data science experience is required Epidemiology experience is preferred Education: A four-year Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience is required Benefits: Children’s Health offers learning and career development opportunities, competitive pay, and a comprehensive benefits program. In addition, we promote a diverse and inclusive workplace. Our team members have a voice in their work through surveys, pulses, and town halls. And we honor and celebrate our staff with year-round employee appreciation events. We invite you to learn more about Children’s Health. Requirements: Job FamilyProfessional & Management  ExpertiseEducation and Research - Research  Job TypeFull Time  LocationDallas, Texas"
312,312,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=4263af9d821f3a65&fccid=7bec89cb1b3b9073&vjs=3,"Support Center - Irving We're here for the Makers! Come be a part of the team where innovation and teamwork come together to support the most exciting missions in the world! Michaels is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are here for all Team Members and all Makers to create, innovate and be better together. Work with large scale and complex traditional and non-traditional data sources to identify opportunities that enhance performance and efficiency of business initiatives Demonstrate strong expertise in leveraging quantitative tools and approaches to transforming raw data into insights, such as data mining, dimension reduction, segmentation, response modeling, and designing of experiments Analyze marketing, customer, and sales data to measure and monitor performance by channel Create and automate reporting and the dashboards that support business partners across the company QA/QC data and report output to ensure accuracy Appropriately account for the timeliness and quality of all assignments Manage multiple projects concurrently Identify and generate ad hoc analysis to drive short term strategies Other duties as assigned Minimum Education Bachelor’s degree in relevant quantitative discipline (statistics, economics, mathematics, computer science, electrical engineering, or a related scientific discipline) Minimum Special Certifications or Technical Skills Fluent in data fundamentals: SQL, data manipulation using a procedural language (R, Python), statistics, experimentation, and modeling Advanced Excel with higher level math and logic skills Well versed in data mining (databases, querying languages, SQL) Minimum Type of Experience the Job Requires Demonstrated skill communicating complex analysis to non-experts Other Strong analytical thinker in an unstructured/ whitespace environment Ability to work in a fast-paced team environment, multi-task, and prioritize accordingly to deliver on multiple projects while maintaining a service-oriented, customer–centric focus Strong written and verbal communication skills High level of accuracy and attention to detail required Applicants in the U.S. and Canada must satisfy federal, state, provincial and local legal requirements of the job."
315,315,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=53ba11fae9e38abc&fccid=7bec89cb1b3b9073&vjs=3,"Support Center - Irving We're here for the Makers! Come be a part of the team where innovation and teamwork come together to support the most exciting missions in the world! Michaels is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are here for all Team Members and all Makers to create, innovate and be better together. Michaels Data Scientists will develop systems and techniques for identifying business trends and challenges through complex big data analysis. As a Data Scientist at Michaels you will design, develop and implement data system solutions for the organization. You will interpret results from multiple sources using techniques including statistical analysis, machine learning and data mining.   The ideal candidate will have a passion for analyzing data, identifying trends, has a high degree of customer-obsession, and a track record for delivering results. Major Activities Develop new techniques for inferring user interests from online activity Analyze large amounts of Michaels historical business data to detect patterns, trends, correlations and casualties Deign and run A/B experiments that affect millions of customers and evaluate the impact of optimizations and communicate results to various business stakeholders. Enhance applications by identifying opportunities for improvement and making recommendations Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables Work with teams to implement solutions based on data findings Investigate and use new technologies where relevant Other duties as assigned Minimum Education Bachelor’s Degree or higher in Computer Science Minimum Special Certifications or Technical Skills Proficiency in Python, SQL, and distributed data technologies (Hive, Spark) Minimum Type of Experience the Job Requires 2+ years of industry experience, with experience in business analysis and product analysis Experience in computer vision or natural language processing a plus Other Ability to draw insights and present conclusions from data to inform model development and business decisions Ability to conduct rigorous analysis and communicate conclusions to both technical and non-technical audiences Deep understanding of Machine Learning concepts and statistical methods Solid communication and collaboration skills with the ability to work effectively with internal teams Excellent problem solving and debugging skills Excellent communication and collaboration skills. Applicants in the U.S. and Canada must satisfy federal, state, provincial and local legal requirements of the job."
319,319,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1515792521c0eab7&fccid=5f1f0e6dcc6cbc83&vjs=3,"The Senior Data Scientist uses mathematics, statistics, modeling, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions. The Senior Data Scientist work assignments involve moderately complex to complex issues where the analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors. Responsibilities The Senior Data Scientist develops, maintains, and collects structured and unstructured data sets for analysis and reporting. Creates reports, projections, models, and presentations to support business strategy and tactics. Begins to influence department’s strategy. Makes decisions on moderately complex to complex issues regarding technical approach for project components, and work is performed without direction. Exercises considerable latitude in determining objectives and approaches to assignments. Required Qualifications Bachelor's Degree and 5 years of applicable experience OR Master's Degree and 3 or more years of experience Experience in using mathematics, statistics, modeling, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions Experience in working with assignments that involve moderately complex to complex issues where the analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors Experience in developing, maintaining, and collecting structured and unstructured data sets for analysis and reporting Experience in creating reports, projections, models, and presentations to support business strategy and tactics Ability to make decisions on moderately complex to complex issues regarding technical approach for project components Must be passionate about contributing to an organization focused on continuously improving consumer experiences Experience working with and analyzing various types of data using Python and PySpark Preferred Qualifications Master's Degree PhD Scheduled Weekly Hours 40"
320,320,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=d95bd2a77c541fbd&fccid=16a97ed26c75bf2d&vjs=3,"MORE ABOUT THIS JOB:  Please note division and function examples are representative of opportunities common for this skill-set. The list is not exhaustive, and availability of open roles is determined based on business need. Specific roles will be confirmed through the interview process. RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS:  Playing a key role in measuring, reporting and forecasting the profitability of the firm’s complex products and services, colleagues that focus on accounting and financial planning are responsible for ensuring the firm’s financial information is accurate and comprehensive for reporting and regulatory purposes. Teams partner with business leaders to provide advice on the financial and regulatory considerations when executing business with our clients. Accounting and financial planning teams across the firm embody strong analytical skills, attention to detail, and a desire to develop a deep understanding of financial fundamentals. Divisions and Job Functions Investment Banking Division works on some of the most complex financial challenges and transactions in the market today. Whether advising on a merger, providing financial solutions for an acquisition, or structuring an initial public offering, we handle projects that help clients at major milestones. We work with corporations, pension funds, financial sponsors, and governments and are team of strong analytical thinkers, who have a passion for producing out-of-the-box ideas Industry Group Coverage Banking works in developed and emerging markets worldwide to deliver banking services for a wide range of industries. Our team approach to client service enables our bankers to play an important role in building relationships and executing transactions. Classic investment bankers have expertise advising clients across industries, regions and products. Teams are organized by industry group, including Consumer Retail Group, Financial Institutions Group, Financial and Strategic Investors Group, Healthcare, Industrials, Public Sector & Infrastructure, Natural Resources, Real Estate, and Technology, Media and Telecom, as well as by region, country and company size as part of the Cross Markets Group Financing Group Coverage Banking sits within a dynamic, market-driven environment, our teams work closely with corporate clients, pension funds, financial sponsors and governments to structure and execute some of the largest and most complex financing and risk management solutions across the full product spectrum, including equity, debt and derivatives. To achieve this goal, the Financing Group comprises all Goldman Sachs’ capital markets departments, and operates on close cooperation with other areas of Investment Banking and other divisions within the firm, including Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities and Equities. Teams are organized by product group including Leveraged Finance, Equity Capital Markets, Investment Grade, Structured Finance, Corporate Derivatives and Emerging Markets. Merchant Banking Division invests in corporate equity and corporate debt, real estate equity and real estate debt and infrastructure worldwide. We also provide asset management services to investments where Goldman Sachs has an interest. Consisting of over hundreds of professionals in six offices around the world, our business operates on a global platform. Equity Investing team invests in private equity, infrastructure as well as growth stage and technology companies. The group invests across a broad range of industries in the Americas, Europe and Asia seeking to maximize investment value through financial and operational value creation. MBD seeks long-term capital appreciation by committing equity to high quality companies with strong management. We seek to generate superior returns in a variety of situations, including leveraged buy-outs, recapitalizations, growth investments and stressed/distressed investments across a range of industries and geographies. Credit Investing associates work as part of small deal teams responsible for identifying, structuring, executing and monitoring corporate debt investments. Associates are involved in a wide range of high profile transactions across the capital structure and in a variety of industries in support of transactions that include leveraged buy-outs, take privates, add-on acquisitions and recapitalizations Real Estate team supports real estate investing across multiple product types across the US. This includes sourcing, underwriting and due diligence, acquisitions, asset management, construction and development oversight, financings and dispositions for the firm's real estate investments. Infrastructure manages three funds that invest globally in infrastructure opportunities in sectors such as energy, telecommunications and transportation. We seek to identify investment opportunities with potential for operational value creation and have developed an active approach to asset management Alternatives Capital Markets & Strategy (ACMS) is a firmwide group established in 2019 to oversee all institutional capital markets, capital raising, and strategy for alternative investments throughout Goldman Sachs. Engaging with both Goldman Sachs’ proprietary direct-investing programs and external managers’ open-architecture strategies, the ACMS Group centrally manages capital raising for all alternatives products and portfolio solutions for all institutional investors in alternatives, across private equity, credit, real estate, infrastructure, growth equity, secondaries, GP stakes, impact investing, and absolute-return strategies. Executive Office Division is comprised of diverse businesses directly related to our corporate strategy, culture and brand. It includes corporate communications (internal communications, media relations and brand and content strategy), investor relations, government affairs, environmental markets and the office of corporate engagement. Our stakeholders include employees, shareholders, the media, policy makers, alumni and the general public. Firmwide Strategy reports to the firm’s Chief Strategy Officer, who is an ex-officio member of Management Committee and work with the Executive Office and senior divisional and business unit management to set and execute key strategic priorities for the firm. We develop, evaluate, and execute plans for new businesses and growth initiatives and leads strategic transactions, including joint ventures, acquisitions, and dispositions, on behalf of the firm. Investor Relations works closely with Goldman Sachs senior management to shape the firm’s external messaging for research analysts, debt and equity investors, proxy advisory firms, rating agencies and credit counterparts. This is a unique position that allows candidates to develop an Investment Banking valuation and modelling skill-set and Securities Division market perspective while gaining exposure to senior management, rating agencies, research analysts and key investors. Candidates will work directly with all members of the group across our debt and equity, corporate governance and rating agency teams Private Wealth Management (PWM) secures, develops and manages relationships with high net worth individuals, their families, family offices and foundations. PWM assists clients with building and preserving their financial wealth by creating and implementing long-term asset allocation within the context of each client’s particular risk tolerance, and by providing access to innovative investment ideas and opportunities. PWM professionals develop customized investment strategies and offer a full array of wealth management products and services, including private banking and trust company services. Private Lending Underwriting (PLU), based in Dallas, TX, is primarily responsible for the underwriting of loans to GS Private Wealth Management (PWM) clients. In this capacity, PLU assesses, underwrites, documents and monitors the credit risk incurred in loan transactions. The underwriting process includes a thorough analysis of the collateral securing the loan (if any), which may include assets such as marketable securities, private equity/hedge funds, commercial real estate, aircraft, fine art, hobby properties, private company stock, yachts, etc. Ayco, A Goldman Sachs Company partners with Fortune 1000 companies to design and implement tailored financial planning programs for their workforce—leveraging the 50-year heritage of Ayco and the comprehensive resources of Goldman Sachs to meet the evolving needs of their employees. Ayco believes companies best serve their stakeholders and the greater economy when their employees’ financial lives are clear, understood and in their control. Ayco advisors and technical specialists help clients achieve their personal financial goals through education and guided implementation across seven key financial disciplines, including employee benefit planning. Hiring teams include: Wealth Strategies Group specializes in the design and implementation of wealth protection and wealth transfer strategies for high net-worth clients. Private Wealth Management provides investment-advisory, education, portfolio-management and trade-execution strategies. Analysts serve as key liaison between clients, investment and operations teams. Consumer externally known as Marcus by Goldman Sachs, is comprised of the firm’s digitally-led consumer businesses, which include our deposits and lending businesses, as well as our personal financial management app, Clarity Money. Consumer combines the strength and heritage of a 150-year-old financial institution with the agility and entrepreneurial spirit of a tech start-up. Through the use of machine learning and intuitive design, we provide customers with powerful tools that are grounded in value, transparency and simplicity to help them make smarter decisions about their money. Example teams seeking financial modelling/research skills: Credit Risk builds the credit strategy for a digital consumer lending business at Goldman Sachs Underwriting designs and continuously improves end-to-end underwriting processes, ensuring compliance with all regulatory laws Business Development / Partnerships is responsible for managing business development activity across Consumer business lines. These responsibilities include identifying and sizing partnership opportunities, assessing deal profitability and structuring for optimal economics, establishing and maintaining relationships with prospects, managing pitch processes and all elements of execution (i.e. modeling, deal structuring and negotiating). BASIC QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor’s degree (2017 – December 2020) 0-3 years of prior work experience in a relevant field. Proficient to advanced skills with MS Office (Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Outlook) Highly organized with exceptional attention to detail and follow-through Strong ability to manage multiple projects with competing deadlines Team player with positive attitude and strong work ethic Strong communication skills (written and verbal) Ability to work in a fast-paced environment Strong academic record with background in finance, economics, accounting or math preferred Experience with modelling and financial statements analysis Ability to process and analyze high volumes of information and proactively form and express independent judgements Commercially savvy with ability to exercise discretion with respect to highly confidential/sensitive information Some roles will require proficiency in R, Python, or similar for statistical modeling and analyzing time-series data ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS:  ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS At Goldman Sachs, we commit our people, capital and ideas to help our clients, shareholders and the communities we serve to grow. Founded in 1869, we are a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm. Headquartered in New York, we maintain offices around the world.   We believe who you are makes you better at what you do. We're committed to fostering and advancing diversity and inclusion in our own workplace and beyond by ensuring every individual within our firm has a number of opportunities to grow professionally and personally, from our training and development opportunities and firmwide networks to benefits, wellness and personal finance offerings and mindfulness programs. Learn more about our culture, benefits, and people at GS.com/careers.   We’re committed to finding reasonable accommodations for candidates with special needs or disabilities during our recruiting process. Learn more: https://www.goldmansachs.com/careers/footer/disability-statement.html © The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2020. All rights reserved. Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity"
321,321,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=936554a0e5e12d38&fccid=ee1b7ea4a8e7a4dd&vjs=3,"Job purpose  The Data Scientist is responsible for performance analysis, through data science, machine learning, and advanced statistical analytics techniques in the areas of payments, collections, operations, and companywide cross-functional projects. This position will utilize advance statistical skills to analyze data, portfolio performance trends, and forecasting skills to support credit risk functions. The successful Data Scientist will be self-motivated, highly analytical, and detail oriented.  Duties and responsibilities  Applies innovative and scientific/quantitative analytical approaches to draw conclusions and make recommendations to answer business objectives and drive change. Develop analytics regarding loan performance, including delinquency and credit losses, identifying key drivers and developing forecast expectations. Utilizes advanced statistical analytics to assess future risk, opportunities, and effectiveness and translates results into meaningful solutions to enhance decision making. Conducts ad hoc research projects incorporating project design, data collection and analysis, summarization of findings, and presentation of results. Applies advanced knowledge to produce advanced analytical material for discussions with cross-functional teams to understand complex business objectives and influence solution strategies. Interacts with stakeholders to understand their business questions, crafting the methodology, to mine/analyze datasets and delivers a final insightful recommendations to stakeholders.  Minimum Qualifications  Bachelor's degree in Economics, Finance, Statistics, Mathematics, Actuarial Sciences, or other quantitative discipline. Preferred 2+ years of related experience in quantitative role 1+ years of related experience in quantitative role Experience in data mining, modeling and analyzing analytic findings using SQL, SAS or R Moderate to Expert level skills in Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, Access, and Outlook a must) Must pass drug screen, criminal and credit background checks.  Preferred Qualifications  1-3 years of quantitative experience inside a highly complex, large financial institution Credit risk modeling experience with strong ability in analytical problem solving. Advanced SAS experience; Python and machine learning modeling a plus  Critical Competencies Excellent oral and written communication skills. Excellent organizational skills with the ability to prioritize and handle multiple tasks and responsibilities simultaneously. Utilize appropriate analysis, judgment and logic when solving problems and making decisions. Demonstrated ability to apply complex financial and statistical principles. Effective written and verbal presentation skills; able to communicate well with Senior and Executive Management. Innovative problem solving, quantitative and analytical abilities. Detail-oriented. Able to work with minimal supervision. Flexible, proactive working style. Adaptive to a team environment.  Working conditions  This position works in an office environment.  Regional is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, transgender status, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, uniform service, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law (“Protected Characteristics”). Regional’s policy of non-discrimination applies to all phases of the employment process and relationship, including, but not limited to, recruitment and selection; compensation and benefits; professional development and training; promotions and opportunities; transfers; social and recreational programs; layoffs; and terminations."
326,326,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=6e123fcbffb19380&fccid=e22ec123cbb88199&vjs=3,"Overview: Who we are Imagine working in a place where continuous improvement and innovation is celebrated and rewarded; where fast-paced, high-impact teams come together to positively drive results for one of the largest & most iconic brands in the world. As the only rapidly growing retailer, you may know us as your friendly neighborhood store. You probably know our familiar name, have seen our pervasive logo, and have tried our highly sought-after products, such as Slurpee® and Big Bite®. “Brain Freeze” is a 7-Eleven registered trademark for our 53-year old Slurpee® and with over 71,100 stores globally (more than any other retailer or food service provider), we sell over 14 million a month. But there’s a lot more to our story and much more left to be written. We are transforming our business, ensuring we are customer obsessed and digitally enabled to seamlessly link our brick and mortar stores with digital products and services. At 7-Eleven the entrepreneurial spirit is in our DNA and has been ever since our inception 90+ years ago. It’s what drove us to invent the convenience industry in 1927 by envisioning how a simple ice dock could provide household staples such as milk and eggs to better serve the needs of our customers. Today we are redefining convenience and the customer experience in big ways...we are fundamentally changing our culture and we want talented, innovative, customer obsessed, and entrepreneurial people like you to come make history with us. How we lead At 7-Eleven we are guided by our Leadership Principles. Be Customer Obsessed Be Courageous with Your Point of View Challenge the Status Quo Act Like an Entrepreneur Have an “It Can Be Done” Attitude Do the Right Thing Be Accountable Each principle has a defined set of behaviors which help guide the 7-Eleven team to Serve Customers and Support Stores. About This Opportunity Responsibilities:  As a Fuel Pricing Data Scientist, you will uncover key insights on how customers engage with 7-Eleven. Part of a rapidly growing team, you will apply data science methods and analytics to real business situations across retail fuel pricing. This role will enable fuel pricing decision making by developing key insights into our customer engagement and translating these insights into large scale predictive modelling and analytics solutions. KEY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITES: Design, develop, and implements different ML frameworks/solutions and data pipelines to solve business problems/opportunities related to fuel pricing. Adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. Create and build predictive models and analytic systems aimed at solving fuel pricing problem/opportunity statements. Automates data pipelines and develops/utilizes different libraries for statistical algorithms that measure and predict KPI's related to fuel pricing and customer behavior/buying preferences. Create actionable insight reports supported with data visualizations, and support A/B testing methodologies. Utilize AI to predict customer behavior. Price Optimization, Anomaly detection, customer retention, clustering, time series, sales forecasting, discount analysis, inventory and cost analysis, market basket and affinity analysis. Qualifications:  EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE: EDUCATION: Masters YEARS OF RELEVANT WORK EXPERIENCE: 5+ years YEARS OF MANAGEMENT EXPERIENCE: NA CERTIFICATIONS / LICENSES: NA SPECIFIC KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS: PhD preferred but relevant work experience considered. Adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. Strong analytical, statistical, and problem-solving skills. Knowledgeable in cloud platforms; AWS, micro-services architecture, etc. Solid foundation and understanding of relational and NoSQL database principles. Deep coding knowledge of statistical tools and corresponding libraries for analytical operation (Python, R, SAS, SPSS, NumPy, Pandas). Demonstrated understanding of Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence frameworks and algorithms and applications (supervised/unsupervised learning, SVM, neural networks, PCA, k-means, k-NN). Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques: GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, text mining, social network analysis, etc. Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders using (Tableau, PowerBI, ggplot, Matplotlib, Seaborn, etc.) Experience using web services: Redshift, S3, Spark, DigitalOcean, etc. Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc. Experience analyzing data from 3rd party providers: Google Analytics, Site Catalyst, Coremetrics, Adwords, Facebook Insights, Brandwatch, etc. Experience with distributed data/computing tools: Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Gurobi, MySQL, etc. #LI-KB1"
330,330,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=325a9ae1f632379b&fccid=a7c5036618407010&vjs=3,"McKesson Corporation is a Fortune 8 company and is one of the largest providers of healthcare supply chain management solutions, retail pharmacy, medical & pharmaceutical supplies, healthcare technology, community oncology and specialty care in the United States with revenues of $231 billion in 2020. The company was founded in 1833 by John McKesson and Charles Olcott in New York with a focus on importing and wholesaling pharmaceutical products. United by our ICARE shared principles, McKesson's 80,000 employees work together every day to make better care possible around the globe - one product, one partner, one patient at a time.  Current Need  We are seeking a Sr. Associate Data Scientist to join our team in Irving, TX.  Position Description   At McKesson, we rely on data insights and intelligence to power our systems and solutions. We're seeking an experienced data scientist to understand our business and data, ask the right questions and deliver relevant insights to help the business grow and operate more efficiently.  Our ideal team member will have the mathematical and statistical proficiency, but also a natural curiosity to learn and adapt. As you mine, interpret, and clean our data, we will rely on you to ask questions, connect the dots, and uncover opportunities that lie within-all with the ultimate goal of realizing the data's full potential. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods and tools, building and implementing models, leveraging ML techniques/algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must be comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams.  Key Responsibilities:  Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions Identify valuable data sources and automate collection processes Undertake preprocessing of structured and unstructured data Analyze large amounts of information to discover trends and patterns Build predictive models and machine-learning algorithms Combine models through ensemble modeling Present information using data visualization techniques Propose solutions and strategies to business challenges Collaborate with engineering and product development teams  Minimum Requirements   Degree or equivalent and typically requires 2+ years of relevant experience.  Critical Skills  Experience in data mining Understanding of machine-learning and operations research Knowledge of R, SQL and Python Experience using business intelligence tools (e.g. Tableau) and data frameworks (e.g. Hadoop) Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications Familiarity with Scala, Java or C++ is a big plus  Additional Knowledge and Skills  Good written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams. Problem-solving aptitude  Education  Bachelor's in computer science, Engineering or relevant field Master's degree in Data Science or other quantitative field is preferred  Physical Requirements  General Office Demands  Must be authorized to work in the US.   We take pride in our culture of connection and believe in a workplace where everyone can be their full, authentic self. We welcome and encourage veterans, individuals with disabilities and others with diverse perspectives to join our growing team. Your unique perspective and experience are valuable assets that can translate into a rewarding career path with us. Apply to join our team and help shape the future of healthcare!  McKesson is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer.   All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.Qualified applicants will not be disqualified from consideration for employment based upon criminal history.  McKesson is committed to being an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers including job seekers with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to McKessonTalentAcquisition@mckesson.com . Resumes or CVs submitted to this email box will not be accepted.  Current employees must apply through the internal career site.  Join us at McKesson!"
331,331,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=611ac8d9248e781c&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"We Are: Being part of Accenture Strategy & Consulting means becoming an expert at making the New happen Now. To us, the New is all about the wise pivot that turns constant disruption to continuous reinvention. We are an innovation led company that works at the heart of our clients’ organizations so that no matter how complex the business challenge, we face the future with confidence. If you love solving challenges and not just studying them, then Accenture Consulting is the right place for you. Join us to develop your ideas into provocative points of view and transformative insights that help shape industries. You’ll work with an amazing and diverse mix of world-class experts with access to one of the most robust portfolios of capabilities and ecosystem relationships in the industry. Together, you’ll do so much more than consult. Coming here means future-proofing your career and going as far as your ambition takes you. Becoming a tech-savvy, well-rounded, multi-disciplined and market-relevant advisor doesn’t happen by chance. We invest in training and development in a big way, so you can build your future along with ours, creating an impactful career unique to you. Ultimately, we believe we is greater than me and that diverse perspectives lead to the best solutions. Joining Accenture Consulting means you will learn, innovate and lead, and together we will improve the way the world works and lives. Accenture Strategy & Consulting, Utility Industry, Retail Energy and Customer Service Practice helps energy providers around the world to reimagine, transform and grow their business and create new value propositions, revenue streams, commercial models and ecosystems. We are powering the progress to a safe, connected and sustainable planet. Every day, we work with the largest electric, gas and water utilities to deliver innovative solutions and help them become more efficient, reliable, environmentally friendly and safer places to work. We co-create the future with our clients at Accenture Innovation Hubs around the world and work alongside our clients to bring the future to life in the core of our client's operations. We are the marketplace leader in modernizing the Customer Experience network, delivering next level of connectivity between marketing, operations and technology that goes beyond the commodity. Our utility clients are looking for bold solutions in the era of rapidly changing technology, policy and workforce innovations. Are you the leader who wants to reinvent the Utilities' Customer Experience and empower our clients to create a clean, sustainable and connected world? Join a team of industry practitioners with global footprint and local camaraderie. Visit our site to learn more about Accenture Strategy & Consulting Utilities Practice. You Are: A skilled utility industry practitioner who knows how to reinvent Customer Experience in the new digital world. You have experience designing and implementing digital transformation in a functional and/or technical capacity with CRM / Customer Care focus on business process improvement and/or supporting technical solutions (e.g. in the contact center, back office and strategic departments of a retail utility). You identify, target, and organize for intelligent customer and retail growth with new connected energy experiences. In fact, every day you are looking for opportunities to challenge the status quo and you are not satisfied with step change. You are a relentless storyteller, inspiring teams with your vision and new way of thinking. You have a proven track record of assembling diverse, high performing teams that harness people's strength and deliver radical insight. You understand that co-location with clients and teams is critical to innovation and you are ready to partner at client sites. The Work: Data scientist delivering analytics solutions tied to utility customer programs. Understand client challenges and articulate the value of transformation in terms of business outcomes Bring thought leadership on most critical issues Utilities face today, and in the future Constantly learn and bring new technologies and innovative solutions to our clients Be a role model and a coach for the next generation of Accenture analysts and consultants Champion people on your team to succeed professionally and personally Foster trusted advisor relationships with clients from strategy to technology; from the C-Suite to the front line; for business and IT Integrate business data to discover new insight and enable evidence-based business decisions Earn air miles and hotel points with weekly travel to client sites for recharging on epic personal adventures For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts.  Here's What You Need: Minimum 3 years of experience in the Utility Industry required Minimum 3 years of experience managing or implementing analytics solutions for utilities in a data scientist role Minimum 3 years of experience building machine learning solutions Bachelor's Degree or equivalent Our Commitment to You: Your entrepreneurial spirit and vision will be rewarded, and your success will fuel opportunities for career advancement. You’ll make a difference for some pretty impressive clients. Accenture serves many of the Fortune Global 100 on high-profile projects. Opportunities to learn daily through training, assignments, and collaborating with experts across the company. Access to leading-edge technology. Along with a competitive salary, Accenture offers a comprehensive package including generous paid time off, an employee healthcare plan and a competitive 401K program. Learn more about our extensive rewards and benefits: Your Future Rewards & Benefits As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $119,000 - $129,999 and information on benefits offered is here.   What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
332,332,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=28e29c15708682dd&fccid=e22ec123cbb88199&vjs=3,"Overview: Who we are Imagine working in a place where continuous improvement and innovation is celebrated and rewarded; where fast-paced, high-impact teams come together to positively drive results for one of the largest & most iconic brands in the world. As the only rapidly growing retailer, you may know us as your friendly neighborhood store. You probably know our familiar name, have seen our pervasive logo, and have tried our highly sought-after products, such as Slurpee® and Big Bite®. “Brain Freeze” is a 7-Eleven registered trademark for our 53-year old Slurpee® and with over 67,000 stores globally (more than any other retailer or food service provider), we sell over 14 million a month. But there’s a lot more to our story and much more left to be written. We are transforming our business, ensuring we are customer obsessed and digitally enabled to seamlessly link our brick and mortar stores with digital products and services. At 7-Eleven the entrepreneurial spirit is in our DNA and has been ever since our inception 90+ years ago. It’s what drove us to invent the convenience industry in 1927 by envisioning how a simple ice dock could provide household staples such as milk and eggs to better serve the needs of our customers. Today we are redefining convenience and the customer experience in big ways...we are fundamentally changing our culture and we want talented, innovative, customer obsessed, and entrepreneurial people like you to come make history with us. How we lead At 7-Eleven we are guided by our Leadership Principles. Be Customer Obsessed Be Courageous with Your Point of View Challenge the Status Quo Act Like an Entrepreneur Have an “It Can Be Done” Attitude Do the Right Thing Be Accountable Each principle has a defined set of behaviors which help guide the 7-Eleven team to Serve Customers and Support Stores. About This Opportunity Responsibilities: At 7-Eleven, we are redefining convenience stores using Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning (AI/ML). Our AI/ML engines are powering our automated inventory management, personalized offers, member loyalty programs, delivery programs, chatbots, and various data-driven business insights for our business and partners. We are looking for a Data Scientist who wants to join our exciting journeys ahead. You will be working with a team of industry leading data scientists and engineers. You will be exposed to large datasets and gain deep and end-to-end experience of AI/ML products and their business use cases. You will be able to work on many different types of problems ranging from marketing to order fulfillment, and apply techniques from statistical analysis to deep learning. Team principles: Open-minded yet assertive Be valuable (to peers, reports, partners, leadership) High quality work and elegant solution Radical truth and radical transparency Challenge and willing to be challenged Embrace data Work hard and have Fun Be patient – it’s a long road with ups and downs Push our limits and believe in yourself that you can do it Qualifications:  Qualifications: Soft skills: A quick and enthusiastic learner Strong ownership Self-motivated Strong communication and collaboration skills Entrepreneurial mindset – Skillful in approaching open ended business problems Strong data acumen Technical skills: Proficient in Python and SQL (must) Solid understanding of version control and software development principles (must). Sharing a Github repo with us is one of the best ways to showcase your skills in this area. Experience in advance analytics, large scale and complicated database and comprehensive data wrangling (must) Solid foundation in statistics Experience with cloud environments such as AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, etc. Experience with big data Experience in Deep Learning #LI-NS1"
333,333,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9fbba1271f7868fa&fccid=7a11eee3ff8b533d&vjs=3,"NEIMAN MARCUS GROUP  Neiman Marcus Group (NMG) has been the premier destination for luxury fashion and goods, superior service, and an elevated retail experience for more than a century. Today, 9,000 associates contribute to the success of NMG’s brands: Neiman Marcus, Bergdorf Goodman, Last Call, and Horchow. There are 38 full-line Neiman Marcus stores in cosmopolitan markets across the United States and a sophisticated digital platform that attracts shoppers worldwide. Bergdorf Goodman operates two stores in landmark locations on Fifth Avenue in New York City and BergdorfGoodman.com, catering to loyal luxury customers globally. NMG also owns five Last Call stores and Horchow.com, an e-commerce site that offers premium furniture and home decor.  As an organization, NMG is on a transformational journey to become the preeminent luxury customer platform. NMG continues to deliver the best integrated customer experience and has evolved the business to succeed in the ever-changing retail landscape. NMG is a relationship business. What differentiates the organization from other luxury retailers are its unique assets: a strong store footprint, the most knowledgeable associates, an engaging online experience, solid brand partnerships, innovative digital and in-store experiences, the most loyal luxury customer base, and a strong balance sheet. Our customers will always be at the center of everything NMG does. The company continues to reinvest in new technologies that enhance the customer experience. NMG meets customers where they are. NMG’s goal is to offer customers a seamless experience across its stores, online, and remote digital selling.  NMG’s priority is to develop a highly engaged and high-performing team where everyone belongs. The business attracts and retains best-in-class talent through unique offerings provided to associates in addition to standard employer benefits. These include an innovative way of working, associate discounts on merchandise, tuition reimbursement, associate hardship fund, and paid time off to volunteer, to name a few. As part of NMG’s Environmental, Social, Governance (ESG) work, the organization is focused on driving its core value of being “All Heart.” NMG is also assessing its current environmental and social impact while developing a three-year plan to lead the luxury industry in its commitment and transparency to environmental and social sustainability. NMG strives to become an employer of choice, driven by a culture of Belonging. A dedicated team focuses on this journey, directly impacting how NMG conducts business throughout the workforce, workplace, and marketplace dimensions.  NMG has incredibly passionate and committed corporate and store associates. NMG offers associates an environment where everyone feels welcomed, nurtured, and empowered. Our associates are the heart of NMG. As an organization, NMG leads with love – love for customers, love for associates, and love for brand partners.  Job Summary A Senior Data Scientist in Neiman Marcus Group (NMG) enhances customers’ magical luxury shopping experience and increases NMG’s NPV by applying algorithms. The Senior Data Scientist performs statistical and econometric analysis, AI/ML modeling, and optimization. The Senior Data Scientist solves use cases related to personalization, customer engagement, marketing promotions, merchandise planning, supply chain, pricing, and cost. This position will lead data science needs across all Neiman Marcus Group brands, divisions and selling channels.  Job Duties The position will report to the Senior Director of Data Science Collaborate with cross-organization to ideate and prioritize use cases, business problems, and user stories that can enhance customers experience and increase NMG ROI. Lead data science projects independently while collaborating with team members and multi-organizational stakeholders. Develops statistical, econometric, AI/ML, and optimization models for personalization, customer engagement, marketing science, retail analytics, business analytics, and supply-chain analytics using big data in cloud environment to improve customer satisfaction and promote growth. Leverage state-of-the-art data science tools, methodologies, and algorithms to drive improved decisions Collaborate in the development and implementation of predictive models, segmentation strategies, optimization algorithms, and data mining analyses with a targeted result of increasing revenue. Research, innovate, and design algorithms and techniques to contribute in optimization and automation. May be allowed to work from home or from remote location upon corporate approval In addition to her/his deliverables, the Senior Data Scientist will mentor and train data scientists.  Qualifications  Job Requirements At least a quant-based graduate degree such as Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Math, Statistics, Physics, Economics, or other related fields from a reputed university with course work that includes analytics, coding, statistics, math, and algorithm development. Ph.D. is Preferred Strong in Math, Statistic, Finance, and Econometric Expert Level skills in at least three of the followings: a) graph/network theory, b) personalized recommendation engine, c) statistical modeling and linear/non-linear optimization theory, d) machine learning and neural Network 3+ years of hands on experience in Data Science. Experience in working in retail space will be a plus. Strong coding skills in SQL, Python Experience in using Keras, Tensorflow, and scikit-learn Experience in working on Spark, AWS SageMaker, S3, and SnowFlake is a plus Experience with full lifecycle agile and experimental design methods. Experience in processing and performing multi-faceted analysis with on-line browsing, sales transaction, product, and inventory data. Exceptional standards for quality and strong attention to detail Ability to manage multiple projects and on-demand business requests simultaneously Able to work in a fast-paced agile team with team members from diverse areas such as marketing, creative, strategy, product, and engineering  Primary Location: United States of America-Texas-DALLAS-Irving-Remote Dallas Work Locations: Remote Dallas Neiman Marcus 5950 Colwell Blvd Irving 75039 Job: E-Commerce Organization: Corporate Schedule: Full-time Shift: Day Employee Status: Regular Job Type: Standard Job Level: Individual Contributor Travel: No Job Posting: Apr 20, 2021, 3:03:38 PM"
334,334,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=b500d20a4ad9260b&fccid=aaf3b433897ea465&vjs=3,"Cybersecurity Tech Controls is looking for a Data Analytics/Machine Learning Specialist to join our growing team of data analytics experts and to deliver end to end solutions which include software development to manage accurate data collection, UI/UX development, as well as data processing, modelling and analysis. You will design and build full solutions requiring a diverse skill set across Machine Learning, Software Engineering, Systems Architecture, Data Frameworks and UX Development. The ideal candidate has a knack for seeing solutions in sprawling data sets and the business mind-set to convert insights into strategic opportunities for Cybersecurity and Technology Controls Products. The candidate will work closely with leaders across products, and technology teams to support and implement high-quality, data-driven decisions. They will ensure data accuracy and consistent reporting by designing and creating optimal processes. They will use advanced data modelling, predictive modelling and analytical techniques to interpret key findings from company data and leverage these insights into initiatives that will support business outcomes. The right person for the job will apply their knowledge of data analysis to solving real-world problems faced by the organization and finding opportunities for improvement across multiple projects, teams and business units. Ability to rapidly develop of new data and analytic solutions using machine learning with fast iteration over quick sprints Ability to breakdown business problems into solvable components by assessing the requirements and/or business implications to arrive at recommended solutions, with minimal supervision. Strong Technical acumen to work with Product, Service, Customers, and Development managers and capture requirements for developing measurable objectives Build, develop, and maintain - data models, reporting systems, data automation systems, dashboards and performance metrics support that support key business decisions. Design and deliver UI/UX front end solutions Manage and optimize processes for data intake validation, mining and engineering as well as modelling, visualization and communication deliverables. Examine, interpret and report results of analytical initiatives to stakeholders in leadership, technology, and product teams. Provide team leadership and knowledge share to co-workers on machine learning best practices and techniques Provide insight and leadership for Cloud and SRE solutions This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including:  Bachelor's degree or Masters in a field such as Computer Science, Data Analytics, or equivalent skill Software Development Strategic thinking and passion for business strategy and business processes Strong attention to detail Ability to work collaboratively in teams and develop meaningful relationships to achieve common goals 3+ years of experience in data analytics/machine learning.  The right candidate will also be proficient and experienced with the following tools/programs:  Strong skills in machine learning: time series predictive analytics, NLP text analytics , deep learnin Python (Skikit-learn,Py-Torch), Jupyter Notebooks or similar Working knowledge with products such as Splunk, Grafana, Tableau, Qlik, and other visualization product Strong SQL skills, ability to perform effective querying involving multiple tables and sub queries Working knowledge of Cloud Meachine Learning and Deep Learning tools Experience working with and creating dashboards using all relevant data to inform decisions. Experience with Python, Peri, R, Powerbuilder, Bash / Shell, C, C++, JAVA, or other programming / scripting languages Ability to automate data collection using WebAPIs Strong problem solving, quantitative and analytical abilities Strong ability to plan and manage numerous processes, and projects simultaneously Excellent verbal and written communication skills JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans"
335,335,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=60de7aacd88cf175&fccid=5bd99dfa21c8a490&vjs=3,"Job Description: Enterprise Description: Applies knowledge and expertise of risk/regulatory programs, industry practices, and the business unit to one or more functions within the business group. Independently conducts assigned responsibilities within the context of the business unit enterprise-wide regulatory/operational risk program. Line of Business Description: Partners with multiple lines of business and control partners to ensure company delivers on Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) mandates and expectations. Identifies opportunities for responsible growth within the enterprise, while achieving regulatory goals. Responsible for conducting enterprise analysis, industry analysis, research analysis and business forecasts. Assesses bank performance for low and moderate income (LMI) individuals and in LMI areas in order to determine and advise business partners to achieve best CRA outcome. Acts as a LMI subject matter expert and assesses brand/business/regulatory opportunities and consequences to LMI individuals and communities. Provides risk awareness while developing and communicating mitigation opportunities for business partner consideration; influences risk response. Analyzes bank, industry and competitive position. Pivots between priorities while managing to deadlines and delivering key messages succinctly. Proactively seeks opportunities to broaden and deepen knowledge base and proficiencies. Exercises judgment and influences business managers and peers to ensure enforcement of risk/regulatory programs, balancing business strategy with appropriate risk management controls. Possesses excellent written and verbal communication skills; must have the ability to analyze large quantities of data and draw succinct conclusions consistent with management strategy; and must be able to influence decisions. Required Skills: Advanced Excel skills including pivot tables, advanced formulas, advanced charting and macro creation Able to manage, mine, analyze and draw conclusions on large volumes of industry and internal data to create meaningful analysis in support of business strategy and decision-making Strong proven analytical and problem solving skills Excellent communication and organizational skills Strong Power Point development and presentation skills Proficient in Word, Excel and Visio Strong bias for action; results oriented with an ability to manage to deadlines Ability to keep abreast of regulatory environment and analyze impact to business Strong interpersonal skills, with the ability to effectively communicate and partner across organizational or functional boundaries with the ability to influence others Desired Skills: Ability to adapt to a fast paced, rapidly changing environment Technical knowledge of CRA and HMDA regulations and use of CRAWiz a plus Able to perform tasks autonomously with guidance provided in more complex situations Experience in economics and statistics Continuously seeks process improvement Able to articulate regulatory guidelines and effect on lending, investment, and services Possesses leadership ability to perform primary responsibilities as well as ability to support a collaborative team environment Possesses excellent written and verbal communication skills and ability to influence decisions Initially you may be required to work from home and/or remotely in this role: Internet Service Provider at home (no public WiFi or Internet) Sufficient room to set up a laptop, monitor, keyboard and mouse Comfortable space to work for a full shift Quiet, private and SECURE space in which to work Job Band: H5 Shift: 1st shift (United States of America) Hours Per Week: 40 Weekly Schedule: Referral Bonus Amount: 0"
336,336,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=46131ccd6b3652b0&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3," Bachelor’s degree in a highly quantitative field (Computer Science, Machine Learning, Operational Research, Statistics, Mathematics, etc.) or equivalent professional or military experience Experience with ML fields, e.g., natural language processing, computer vision, statistical learning theory 6+ years of industry experience in predictive modeling, data science, and analysis Experience in an ML engineer or data scientist role building and deploying ML models or hands on experience developing deep learning models Experience writing code in Python, R, Scala, Java, C++ with documentation for reproducibility Experience handling terabyte size datasets, diving into data to discover hidden patterns, using data visualization tools, writing SQL, and working with GPUs to develop models Experience writing and speaking about technical concepts to business, technical, and lay audiences and giving data-driven presentations  Want to help the largest global enterprises derive business value through the adoption of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML)? Excited by using massive amounts of disparate data to develop ML models? Eager to learn to apply ML to a diverse array of enterprise use cases? Thrilled to be a part of Amazon who has been pioneering and shaping the world’s AI/ML technology for decades?  At Amazon Web Services (AWS), we are helping large enterprises build ML models on the AWS Cloud. We are applying predictive technology to large volumes of data and against a wide spectrum of problems. AWS Professional Services works together with AWS customers to address their business needs using AI solutions.  AWS Professional Services is a unique consulting team. We pride ourselves on being customer obsessed and highly focused on the AI enablement of our customers. If you have experience with AI, including building ML models, we’d like to have you join our team. You will get to work with an innovative company, with great teammates, and have a lot of fun helping our customers. A successful candidate will be a person who enjoys diving deep into data, doing analysis, discovering root causes, and designing long-term solutions.  Inclusive Team Culture Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have thirteen employee-led affinity groups, reaching 85,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 16 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.  Work/Life Balance Our team puts a high value on work-life harmony. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here. We are a customer-obsessed organization—leaders start with the customer and work backwards. They work vigorously to earn and keep customer trust. As such, this is a customer facing role in a hybrid delivery model. Project engagements include remote delivery methods and onsite engagement that will include travel to customer locations as needed.  Mentorship & Career Growth Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded professional and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.  This is a customer-facing role and you will be required to travel to client locations and deliver professional services as needed.  Major responsibilities include:  Assist customers by being able to deliver a ML project from beginning to end, including understanding the business need, aggregating data, exploring data, building & validating predictive models, and deploying completed models with concept-drift monitoring and retraining to deliver business impact to the organization Use AWS AI services (e.g., Personalize), ML platforms (SageMaker), and frameworks (e.g., MXNet, TensorFlow, PyTorch, SparkML, scikit-learn) to help our customers build ML models Research and implement novel ML approaches, including hardware optimizations on platforms such as AWS Inferentia Work with our other Professional Services consultants (Big Data, IoT, HPC) to analyze, extract, normalize, and label relevant data, and with our Professional Services engineers to operationalize customers’ models after they are prototyped Master’s degree of PhD in a highly quantitative field (Computer Science, Machine Learning, Operational Research, Statistics, Mathematics, etc.) Ability to develop strategic, baselined, data modeling processes; ability to accurately determine cause-and-effect relationships. Publications or presentations in recognized ML journals or conferences Deep technical skills, consulting experience, and business savvy to interface with all levels and disciplines within our customers’ organization Demonstrable track record of dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment  Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.  Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.  Pursuant to the Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.  For employees based in Colorado, this position starts at $116,200 per year. A sign-on bonus and restricted stock units may be provided as part of the compensation package, in addition to a range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits, dependent on the position offered."
339,339,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=eb92c4b205b8d590&fccid=b1f63de84c0bf6ed&vjs=3,"Job Details Level Experienced Job Location Irving, TX - Irving, TX Remote Type N/A Position Type Full Time Education Level Graduate Degree Salary Range Undisclosed Travel Percentage Negligible Job Shift Undisclosed Job Category Science Description Job Title: Data Scientist Position Summary: Caris Life Sciences is looking for a sharp, driven and goal-oriented Data Scientist to provide data mining and analysis support for novel biomarker discovery derived from Caris’ proprietary ADAPT Biotargeting SystemTM, companion diagnostic test development and validation, and will be responsible for maintaining data processing pipelines and developing and documenting analysis tools. The successful candidate will possess proficient analytical capability, solid scientific background in mathematics, and strong communication skills. We are looking for team oriented, hands on experts with a passion for personalized medicine and innovation in statistical and mathematical analyses. Job Responsibilities: Perform statistical analysis and develop analytical tools for clinical and laboratory research data. Statistical consulting in experiment design and data interpretation in technology development and biomarker discovery. Statistical support for design and development of quality control process for diagnostic assays and products. Manipulate and process large multisource data sets. Respond to and manage ad hoc requests to ensure accurate, in-depth results/data are delivered in a timely manner. Author statistical analysis plans, protocols and reports for clinical and non-clinical evaluations. Review clinical study reports for statistical content. Provide general informatics support for laboratory research, technology development and clinical studies. Adhere to coding and documentation standards and manage deliverables for area of responsibility.  Requirements: Ph.D. in Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering or a related field with exposure to cancer biology. Ability to understand scientific questions and formulate statistical and data analysis methods to provide solution to novel problems. Ability to query complex data from database. Experience in developing database and data-driven applications. Proficient verbal and written communication skills to explain complex technical details in clear language. Proficiency in R, Python, SQL, and Linux. Commitment to the successful achievement of team and organizational goals through a desire to participate with and help other members of the team. Demonstrate a focus on listening to and understanding user needs and then delighting the customer by exceeding service and quality expectations.  This job description reflects management’s assignment of essential functions. Nothing in this job description restricts management’s right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. Caris Life Sciences is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. We prohibit discrimination and harassment of any kind based on race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, gender identity, and sexual orientation), national origin, age (40 or older), disability or genetic information, or any other protected characteristic as outlined by federal, state, or local laws. Interested parties should use the link to apply and email their resume to Valarie Perez at vperez@carisls.com. #LI-VP1"
340,340,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=cd744539164c0c1e&fccid=03e5fef1f1c1b85d&vjs=3,"Businesses Raytheon Intelligence & Space Clearance type Secret - Current Relocation eligible Yes Ability to Telecommute No telecommuting Job ID 183766BR Most Recent Date Posted 07/14/2021 City Dallas State TX Country United States Raytheon Intelligence and Space (RIS)is growing! We have an immediate opportunity for a Data Scientist - Engineering Data Analyticsto join our Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance Systems (ISRS) Mission Area; Advanced Surveillance Systems Requirement Development group.  Explore RI&S: Raytheon Intelligence & Space  The Data Analytics Scientist will join a dynamic product line team responsible for delivering state of the art system-of-systems and be a key contributor to help lead the development of data models, analytics algorithms, database structure, and visualization tools to support the reliability and sustainment teams. While this analytics effort will support multiple contracts and programs under RSS, you will work directly with the Sustainment team’s Lead Systems Engineer and Chief Engineer.   This is an opportunity for an experienced self-starter to demonstrate and grow their analytics skills in a fast-paced, dynamic environment. Your multitasking and organizational skills allow you to prioritize competing tasks with ease to deliver sound technical results. You communicate daily with peers and brief leadership weekly. In addition, you look for innovative opportunities to increase efficiency and to cross-train with other members of the team.   Required Skills: Minimum 8 years of related work experience in data cleaning, exploratory data analysis using machine learning algorithms, and data visualization Experience applying data reduction, feature selection, and feature engineering techniques to provide metrics that enable evidence-based decisions from real life events and data accumulation Experience with standard data science toolsets, databases, and visualization tools Experience with automating processes, analyzing large, complex datasets and communicating issues to the engineering team Requires strong written/verbal communication skills; experience using Microsoft Office tool suite Prior experience performing analysis at all levels of the total system product including concept, design, modeling, test, operation, and maintenance An active and in-scope DoD Secret US security clearance is required.Must be able to obtain a DoD Top Secret clearance within one year of start date.  Desired Skills: Knowledge of radar systems operation Experience in scripting in Linux environments (RHEL preferred) Experience/Knowledge with Python, sckitlearn, Jupyter, Neo4j, SQL (Microsoft SQL, MySQL), Tableau, R, Matlab  Required Education: Bachelor’s degree in a related STEM discipline (such as Data Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Software Engineering, Systems Engineering, Physics, etc.) Advanced degree is preferred.183766  Raytheon Technologies is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class."
343,343,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=f0c2f72fed3f16bd&fccid=8c864f6f851fb310&vjs=3,"Analyst I, Statistical (226 Days) -(20191119-019)  Description  Position Purpose: The position’s main purpose is the development, production, and testing of Dallas ISD’s teacher and principal evaluation metrics, which includes the district’s value-added model. The main functions are statistical research, statistical computing, and documentation. Additional requirements include contributions to the production of E&A publications such as Campus Data Packets and School Profiles and the preliminary calculation of schools’ annual Texas state accountability statistics.  Basic Functions: Develop value-added models, or revisions to existing models, for the purpose of evaluating the effectiveness of teacher performance Perform extensive statistical computing using SPSS, SAS, Microsoft Access, and VBA Develop and complete quality control procedures Create, modify, and debug statistical computing programs in various languages/platforms Create and maintain detailed documentation of processes and computer programs Create reports in the form of executive summaries and technical documentation Maintain expert-level status regarding state accountability rules and calculations Create research plans and conduct research (informational and statistical), specifically regarding value-added models in education Maintain organized files and documentation for historical archives and investigations Proactively report progress on assigned tasks Estimate work effort, identify task dependencies and determine optimal solutions Stay abreast of research and applications related to teacher and school evaluations, including but not limited to the application of value-added models in education Perform any additional duties assigned by supervisor  Qualifications  Bachelors degree from an accredited university; Master’s degree, Ph.D. strongly preferred with a major in statistics, applied mathematics, or educational research/evaluation given preference Majors in psychometrics and the social sciences also considered, pending course work review Two years’ experience related to position’s major responsibilities, specifically requiring: Experience manipulating data and conducting rigorous analyses in a statistical computing language or software such as SPSS, SAS, R, or S (Excel experience is not sufficient) Experience writing code or scripts in a computing language such as C, C++, Java, Python, or Visual Basic for Applications (can be course-based experience) Fluency in SQL and experience with JDBC, PL/SQL, and SQL scripts preferred (can be course-based experience) Ability to create reports in Microsoft Access or Crystal Reports preferred Demonstrated ability to create and maintain detailed technical implementation documentation Exemplary writing and editing skills Exemplary strategic and operational planning skills Ability to work quickly and efficiently and to adapt when deadlines and priorities change  Work Locations: Office Of Institutional Research (Oir) 2909 N BUCKNER BLVD Dallas 75228 Job: Analyst  Full-time Minimum Salary: 61,727.00 Job Posting: Nov 19, 2019"
344,344,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1b841167260286d1&fccid=4d8a9296d6a65aaa&vjs=3,"COMPANY OVERVIEW  Welltower Inc. (NYSE: WELL), an S&P 500 company headquartered in Toledo, Ohio, is driving the transformation of healthcare infrastructure. With an enterprise value of over $40B, Welltower is the world’s largest healthcare real estate investment trust (REIT). Concentrated in major, high-growth markets throughout the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom, Welltower delivers the health care infrastructure necessary to facilitate better treatment at lower costs and keep patients out of the hospital. We provide real estate capital to leading seniors housing operators, post-acute care providers, and health systems, enabling these companies to grow, innovate, and ultimately provide better care. Our impact will be profound as we advance our work, our mission, and continue to assemble a diverse, talented, performance-focused team of employees.  JOB SUMMARY This resource will integrate information from various sources and analyze it for better understanding about how the business development performance can be enhanced, and to analyze output using advanced computational, statistical, and artificial intelligence tools that automate certain processes within the company. The Data Scientist will help discover the information hidden in vast amounts of data and help Welltower make smarter decisions. The primary focus of this role will be applying data mining and predictive analytics techniques, conducting statistical analysis, and building high quality prediction systems integrated with our business model.  KEY RESPONSIBILITIES  Assist with Welltower’s data and analytics strategy and predictive analytics application across Welltower. Create predictive models and solutions to consume data for the purpose of analytics. Define appropriate parameters based on department needs and optimize solutions using mission learning techniques. Apply data mining methodology using state-of-the-art resources. Create a new data set with using both company and third-party sources of information. Analyze the output of the predictive analytics model to make meaningful information valuable. Enhance data collection process to ensure that the information is relevant for building analytic systems. Verify the integrity of data used for predictive analytics. Perform ad-hoc projects and presenting results on an as needed basis.  OTHER DUTIES  Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties, or responsibilities that are required of this employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities, and activities may change at any time with or without notice.  COMPETENCIES  Strong technical skills to include a deep understanding of (but not limited to): Reporting, Programming, Predictive Modeling, and Solution Architect. Strong understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as Random Forests, Gradient Boosted Machines, Multivariate Regression, Support Vector Machines, Principal Component Analysis, Partial Least Squares Regression, Neural Networks, etc. Advanced Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, RShiny, Python, MatLab etc. Experience with data mining and data visualization tools, such as Alteryx, Tableau etc. Strong applied statistics skills, such as conditional expectations, distribution analysis, correlation, statistical testing, regression, etc. Excellent verbal and written communication skills with business and technology partners.  TRAVEL  Some out-of-area and overnight travel may be expected.  MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS  Experience: Familiarity with Real Estate and Healthcare industries systems and specialist in business consolidation in diverse source systems is preferred.  Education: PhD in Mathematics and Statistics or Physics with a focus on Predictive Analytics solution is required. Knowledge of data and analytics landscape. Knowledge of enterprise profitability and business planning and forecasting.   Applicants must be able to pass a pre-employment drug screen.  Welltower is committed to leveraging the talent of a diverse workforce to create great opportunities for our business and our people. EOE/AA. Minority/Female/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/Disability/Vet"
345,345,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=6286cbdf4e7134fe&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3," Bachelor’s degree, or equivalent experience, in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or a related field 5+ years’ experience of Data platform implementation, including 3+ years of hands-on experience in implementation and performance tuning Kinesis/Kafka/Spark/Storm implementations. Experience with analytic solutions applied to the Marketing or Risk needs of enterprises Basic understanding of machine learning fundamentals. Ability to take Machine Learning models and implement them as part of data pipeline 5+ years of IT platform implementation experience. Experience with one or more relevant tools ( Flink, Spark, Sqoop, Flume, Kafka, Amazon Kinesis ). Experience developing software code in one or more programming languages (Java, JavaScript, Python, etc). Current hands-on implementation experience required  At Amazon Web Services (AWS), we’re hiring highly technical cloud computing architects and engineers to collaborate with our customers and partners on key engagements. Our consultants will develop and deliver proof-of-concept projects, technical workshops, and support implementation projects. These professional services engagements will focus on customer solutions such as Machine Learning, Data and Analytics, HPC and more.  In this role, you will work with our partners, customers and focus on our AWS Analytics and ML service offerings such Amazon Kinesis, AWS Glue, Amazon Redshift, Amazon EMR, Amazon Athena, Amazon SageMaker and more. You will help our customers and partners to remove the constraints that prevent them from leveraging their data to develop business insights.  AWS Professional Services engage in a wide variety of projects for customers and partners, providing collective experience from across the AWS customer base and are obsessed about customer success. Our team collaborates across the entire AWS organization to bring access to product and service teams, to get the right solution delivered and drive feature innovation based upon customer needs.  In our Global Specialist Practice, you will also have the opportunity to create white papers, writing blogs, build demos and other reusable collateral that can be used by our customers, and, most importantly, you will work closely with our Solution Architects, Data Scientists and Service Engineering teams.  The ideal candidate will have extensive experience with design, development and operations that leverages deep knowledge in the use of services like Amazon Kinesis, Apache Kafka, Apache Spark, Amazon Sagemaker, Amazon EMR, NoSQL technologies and other 3rd parties.  Excellent business and communication skills are a must to develop and define key business questions and to build data sets that answer those questions. You should be able to work with business customers in understanding the business requirements and implementing solutions.  Inclusive Team Culture Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have thirteen employee-led affinity groups, reaching 85,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 16 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.  Work/Life Balance Our team puts a high value on work-life harmony. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here. We are a customer-obsessed organization—leaders start with the customer and work backwards. They work vigorously to earn and keep customer trust. As such, this is a customer facing role in a hybrid delivery model. Project engagements include remote delivery methods and onsite engagement that will include travel to customer locations as needed.  Mentorship & Career Growth Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded professional and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.  This is a customer facing role. You will be required to travel to client locations and deliver professional services when needed.   Masters or PhD in Computer Science, Physics, Engineering or Math. Hands on experience working on large-scale data science/data analytics projects. Ability to lead effectively across organizations. Hands-on experience with Data Analytics technologies such as AWS, Hadoop, Spark, Spark SQL, MLib or Storm/Samza. Implementing AWS services in a variety of distributed computing, enterprise environments. Proficiency with at least one the languages such as C++, Java, Scala or Python. Experience with at least one of the modern distributed Machine Learning and Deep Learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, MxNet Caffe, and Keras. Experience building large-scale machine-learning infrastructure that have been successfully delivered to customers. Experience defining system architectures and exploring technical feasibility trade-offs. 3+ years experiences developing cloud software services and an understanding of design for scalability, performance and reliability. Experience working on a code base with many contributors. Ability to prototype and evaluate applications and interaction methodologies. Experience with AWS technology stack. Written and verbal technical communication skills with an ability to present complex technical information in a clear and concise manner to a variety of audiences.  Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."
349,349,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=bc4739e280648acb&fccid=aaf3b433897ea465&vjs=3,"Quantitative Research - Wholesale Credit Model Development - Associate About Quantitative Research Quantitative Research (QR) is an expert quantitative modeling group in J.P. Morgan, as well as a leader in financial engineering, data analytics, statistical modeling and portfolio management. As a global team, QR partners with traders, marketers and risk managers across all products and regions, contributes to sales and client interaction, product innovation, valuation and risk management, inventory and portfolio optimization, electronic trading and market making, and appropriate financial risk controls. Opportunity We are looking for a researcher to join our team in Plano, Texas. The Wholesale Credit QR team's mission is to develop and maintain sophisticated mathematical models, cutting-edge methodologies and infrastructure to calculate, forecast and analyze various risk parameters used by risk managers and regulators. We also work closely with the finance teams of the various businesses to develop forecasts and other quantitative models. In addition, we are providing on job training, intensive internal classroom training, and online courses, all given by our experienced quants. Through the diversity of the businesses it supports and the variety of functions that it is responsible for, Quantitative Research group provides unique growth opportunities for you to develop your abilities and your career. We make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental and physical health needs or particular family considerations. If you are passionate, curious and ready to make an impact, we are looking for you. Your Impact You'll contribute to the firm's product innovation, effective risk management, financial risk controls. Specially, you'll have the chance to:  Develop mathematical models to calculate probability of default (PD), loss given default (LGD) and exposure at default (EAD); Support the business by explaining model behavior, identifying major sources of risk in portfolios, carrying out scenario analyses, developing and delivering quantitative tools, and researching for new ideas; Assess the appropriateness of quantitative models and their limitations, identifying and monitoring the associated model risk; Implement risk measurement, valuation models or algorithmic trading modules in software and systems; Design and develop software frameworks for analytics and their delivery to systems and applications.  About You  You demonstrate quantitative and problem-solving skills as well as research skills; You understand advanced mathematics arising in financial modeling, specifically in statistics and econometrics You have excellent practical data analytics skills on real data sets gained through hands-on experience, including familiarity with methods for working with large data and tools for data analysis You demonstrate experience applying statistical and/or machine learning techniques in the financial industry You are familiar with tools and methods of exploratory data analysis, visualization and modeling in Python e.g., pandas, scipy, sklearn, Jupyter You bring computer programming experience such as development in Python and R You demonstrate proficiency in code design and architecture, with primary focus on Python; You quickly grasp business concepts outside immediate area of expertise and adapt to rapidly changing business needs; Your excellent communication skills, both verbal and written, can engage and influence partners and stakeholders; You are good at communicating concepts and ideas, also via documentation, and you are keen to defend their validity and tailor messages to different audiences;  Desirables  Advanced degree (PhD, MSc or equivalent) in Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science, Economics etc. Relevant academic research publications a plus; Knowledge of fundamental concepts in statistics and regression analysis; Knowledge of risk models in finance and regulations like Basel, CECL and CCAR; Orientation towards careful system and solution design and implementation; Experience in writing technical documentation or communicating complex mathematical solutions to a non-technical audience;  Beyond that, we're interested in the things that make you unique: personal qualities, outside interests and achievements beyond academia and profession that demonstrate the kind of person you are and the differences you could bring to the team. About Us JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans About the Team The Corporate & Investment Bank is a global leader across investment banking, wholesale payments, markets and securities services. The world's most important corporations, governments and institutions entrust us with their business in more than 100 countries. We provide strategic advice, raise capital, manage risk and extend liquidity in markets around the world. Clients turn to our industry-leading Markets, Sales and Research team to offer clients unique market insights on sectors and companies, and actionable ideas using research to make well-informed investment decisions. Teams understand products across asset classes and help clients structure solutions that manage risk, enhance yield and solve complex financial problems.JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans"
350,350,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1de4f671f2c9c13b&fccid=de71a49b535e21cb&vjs=3,"Introduction At IBM, work is more than a job - it's a calling: To build. To design. To code. To consult. To think along with clients and sell. To make markets. To invent. To collaborate. Not just to do something better, but to attempt things you've never thought possible. Are you ready to lead in this new era of technology and solve some of the world's most challenging problems? If so, lets talk.  Your Role and Responsibilities IBM is seeking to hire a Cloud Inside Sales Specialist - Data & AI. In this role, the candidate is responsible for building deep technical skills in the corresponding Gateway offerings. You will be responsible for prospecting for new logos in a given territory.   The Cloud Inside Sales Specialist - Data & AI, will be deeply ingrained in the First Line Leader’s territory strategy while actively participating in Agile Squads in the Dallas Cloud Center. You will be required to uncover, qualify, progress, and close new sales opportunities for the Gateway offerings through a high level of touchpoints such as phone calls, social, and IBM’s partner ecosystems.  IBMReferred_NorthAmerica  Required Technical and Professional Expertise 5+ years of relevant IT sales and / or consulting experienceMust have proven track record of success in achieving quota as a sellerExperience selling and the ability to hold business conversations with clients around Solution selling Good selling business acumen, business technologies experienceSolutions oriented mindset and skilled in prospecting into new clients and new buyersUnderstanding of Cloud technologies and/or selling of cloud platformsAbility to train, mentor, and coach individuals at various stages of developmentAbility to work in a fast-paced, self-directed entrepreneurial environmentProminent organizational, presentation and time management skillsAbility to learn and apply product knowledge in a timely fashionAbility to travel up to 50% annually Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise Prior experience in the selling of Data or AI productsExperience selling cloud products 3+ in a Digital sales organization, business processes and supporting technology is highly desired3+ years Client relationship sales experience3+ years of knowledge around IBM strategic solutions and related processesExperience selling to C-Suite About Business UnitIBM has a global presence, operating in more than 175 countries with a broad-based geographic distribution of revenue. The company’s Global Markets organization is a strategic sales business unit that manages IBM’s global footprint, working closely with dedicated country-based operating units to serve clients locally. These country teams have client relationship managers who lead integrated teams of consultants, solution specialists and delivery professionals to enable clients’ growth and innovation. By complementing local expertise with global experience and digital capabilities, IBM builds deep and broad-based client relationships. This local management focus fosters speed in supporting clients, addressing new markets and making investments in emerging opportunities. Additionally, the Global Markets organization serves clients with expertise in their industry as well as through the products and services that IBM and partners supply. IBM is also expanding its reach to new and existing clients through digital marketplaces.  Your Life @ IBMAre you craving to learn more? Prepared to solve some of the world's most unique challenges? And ready to shape the future for millions of people? If so, then it's time to join us, express your individuality, unleash your curiosity and discover new possibilities.  Every IBMer, and potential ones like yourself, has a voice, carves their own path, and uses their expertise to help co-create and add to our story. Together, we have the power to make meaningful change – to alter the fabric of our clients, of society and IBM itself, to create a truly positive impact and make the world work better for everyone.  It's time to define your career.  About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve business, society and the human condition, bringing the power of an open hybrid cloud and AI strategy to life for our clients and partners around the world.Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are not only one of the largest corporate organizations in the world, we’re also one of the biggest technology and consulting employers, with many of the Fortune 50 companies relying on the IBM Cloud to run their business. At IBM, we pride ourselves on being an early adopter of artificial intelligence, quantum computing and blockchain. Now it’s time for you to join us on our journey to being a responsible technology innovator and a force for good in the world.  Location StatementIBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to:   12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19.World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals.Well-being programs to support mental and physical health.Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.).Select educational reimbursement opportunities.Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe.Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities.Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences. This position is eligible for participation in an IBM sales incentive plan. Actual incentive opportunity will be based on performance and the eligible Target Incentive, as addressed in the applicable plan, all of which is subject to change.   We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law.  IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship.  Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status."
352,352,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9a66af0434ba65a5&fccid=f33a9750898d12d4&vjs=3,"At Liberty Mutual, our purpose is to help people embrace today and confidently pursue tomorrow. That's why we provide an environment focused on openness, inclusion, trust and respect. Here, you'll discover our expansive range of roles, and a workplace where we aim to help turn your passion into a rewarding profession. Liberty Mutual has proudly been recognized as a “Great Place to Work” by Great Place to Work® US for the past several years. We were also selected as one of the “100 Best Places to Work in IT” on IDG's Insider Pro and Computerworld's 2020 list. For many years running, we have been named by Forbes as one of America's Best Employers for Women and one of America's Best Employers for New Graduates—as well as one of America's Best Employers for Diversity. To learn more about our commitment to diversity and inclusion please visit: https://jobs.libertymutualgroup.com/diversity-inclusion We value your hard work, integrity and commitment to make things better, and we put people first by offering you benefits that support your life and well-being. To learn more about our benefit offerings please visit: https://LMI.co/Benefits Liberty Mutual is an equal opportunity employer. We will not tolerate discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, age, disability, veteran's status, pregnancy, genetic information or on any basis prohibited by federal, state or local law. Data & Analytics Engineering (DAE) Senior Data Analysts profile, define, and catalog analytical data structures, messages, and databases to enable translation of complex business data into usable computer systems. Data Analysts work with data modelers, data stewards, engineers and data architects to profile data and assist with designing databases and data structures that meet organizational needs using data models. They support the creation of data models and data catalogs designed to improve efficiency and business value and may focus on issues such as reducing data redundancy, improving data quality or improving data movement across systems. An ideal DAE Senior Data Analyst is an analytical and creative thinker who is not intimidated by roadblocks and challenges. They understand how to successfully evaluate problems and develop appropriate solutions. Senior Data Analysts perform well under pressure, possessing great focus while completing projects efficiently. They should be able to work well as part of a team, but also carry responsibility for their own work. Senior Data Analysts also need to be able to work on multiple projects at a time, with the ability to quickly understand and incorporate new technologies. Below are the skills and abilities that Data Analytics and Engineering will look for in a Senior Data Analyst. What you will do: Work with the Data Stewards, Data Modelers, Data Architects, DAE and Application Development teams to profile data and translate business needs into practical data definitions Support the creation of Conceptual Data Models for multiple domains within our Canonical Model Support the creation of Physical Data Models using Data Vault 2.0 for our datalake and data warehouse aligned to the canonical model Lead and facilitate requirements and data characteristics gathering sessions Support modeling teams with table creation and development team mentoring Support the creation and oversight of data governance policies and processes Contribute policies and guidelines for the governance of Data Management standards and best practices Understand and document how data is, or will be used, and its implications on people, processes, products and technology What you will need: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or similar Experience in insurance industry 2+ years experience with Erwin modeling tool Prior experience with Snowflake or similar SaaS offering 3+ years experience with cloud-based Data Warehouse and Data Lake environments Previous experience translating business requirements into Data Profiles, Conceptual models and Data Catalogs 3+ years experience with SQL Must be able to work independently and collaboratively on large scale data projects Experience in these areas is a Plus: Prior experience modeling using Data Vault 2.0 Previous experience supporting the modeling of an enterprise canonical model Has worked with industry standard ACORD model Experience with ETL tools such as Informatica or Snaplogic Exposure to Business Intelligence tools (PowerBI, MicroStrategy) Exposure with messaging solution like Kafka and MQ Experience in Enterprise reference and master data management strategies  16"
353,353,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a8e7920b575dc82b&fccid=0583e4d049538c8f&vjs=3,"POSITION SUMMARY: (Briefly describe the overall purpose of this position - Why does it exist and how does it contribute to the overall organization?)  Steward Health Care, the largest private, for-profit hospital operator in the United States, is a physician-led health care services organization committed to providing the highest quality of care in the communities where patients live. Headquartered in Dallas, Texas, Steward operates 38 community hospitals in the United States and the country of Malta, which regularly receive top awards for quality and safety. The company employs 40,000 health care professionals. The Steward network includes more than 25 urgent care centers, 42 preferred skilled nursing facilities, substantial behavioral health services, over 7,300 beds under management, and 1.5 million full risk covered lives through the company's managed care and health insurance services. The total number of paneled lives within Steward's integrated care network was projected to reach 3 million in 2018. The Financial Planning and Analysis (FP&A) team provides analysis and reports to help the organization make informed and timely strategic decisions. The FP&A team also connects to and collaborates with all business units across the system supporting both regular and ad-hoc financial, operational and statistical analyses. As a result, members of the team receive significant exposure to the overall business and develop networks and working relationships across the organization. The Associate Principal, Data Scientist and Visualization Developer will leverage their combined knowledge of database systems and programming languages to drive analytic efforts around innovation. The associate, principal data scientist is expected to play a lead role in a cross-functional team working with engineers, visualization developers and subject-matter experts to improve and extend the analytic methods in our applications.  KEY RESPONSIBILITIES: (Use bullets for specific responsibilities)  Work with Qliksense, SQL, Python, HTML/CSS/JS on a regular basis. Design and implement models from end to end, including data extraction, transformation, feature engineering, analysis, modeling, model deployment, performance tracking and documentation. Extract insights from complex data that may require complex solutions. Effectively communicate technical results across the organization, including non-technical audiences. Provide subject-matter expertise, with regard to software development life cycle best practices, supporting architecture and UI/UX development. An aptitude and will to continuously learn new platforms and technologies.  REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS: (Examples: Ability to work independently and take initiative; Good judgment and problem solving skills; Communication skills; Interpersonal and organizational skills; Level of confidentiality)  Demonstrated experience delivering actionable insights to key stake holders. Must have at least 5 years’ experience with common statistical and machine learning techniques. Minimum of 3 years’ experience creating automated end to end ML/AI solutions. Minimum of 5 years’ working with SQL and data pipelining. Comfort with ambiguity and ability to effectively multi-task, make tradeoffs, take initiative, and prioritize within a fast-paced, demanding environment. Collaborative team-player with strong interpersonal skills and proven ability to cooperate with people at all levels. Familiarity with data table structures and manipulating large data sets. Ability to handle highly confidential information in a professional, mature manner. Health care finance experience a plus, but not required.  EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE/LICENSURE/TECHNICAL/OTHER:  Education: Bachelor’s Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Computer Science, Data Science, Economics, or an equivalent field. Master’s Degree preferred. Software/Hardware: Strong skills in data visualization software (Qliksense, Tableau, etc.), web development and python. Strong proficiency with Excel (financial modeling & data aggregation, lookups, macros); proficiency in PowerPoint, Word and Outlook.   Location: Corporate · 1301.72030 Financial Planning Schedule: Full Time, Day Shift, M - F"
354,354,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a9e2d5da48052740&fccid=47c7346c8483e993&vjs=3,"DATA SCIENTIST LEAD– GREAT BENEFITS Are you looking for a rewarding career with family-friendly hours and top-notch benefits? We’re looking for qualified DATA SCIENTIST LEAD like you to join our Texas Health family. Position Highlights Work location: Arlington, TX Work environment: Data Integration Department Work hours: Full Time; 1st Shift-Flexible Schedule (1-2 days a week you will have the option to work from home). Remote position – 1-2 days per week Salary range: $53.48/hr to Max. $85.73/hr – (based on relevant experience) Texas Health Resources (THR) is one of the largest faith-based, nonprofit health care delivery systems in the United States and the largest in North Texas in terms of patients served. Texas Health has 25 acute-care and short-stay hospitals that are owned, operated, joint-ventured or affiliated with the system. It has more than 3,800 licensed beds, more than 21,100 employees of fully-owned/operated facilities plus 1,400 employees of consolidated joint ventures and counts more than 5,500 physicians with active staff privileges at its hospitals. At Texas Health, we strive to create an atmosphere of respect, integrity, compassion, and excellence for all who come in contact with us, be they patients or our employees. We are committed to diversity in our workforce, and our mission to serve spreads across ethnic, cultural, economic, and generational boundaries. We invite you to join us in furthering your career through our accomplishments and philosophy of excellence. Qualifications Bachelor's Degree Statistics, Engineering, Epidemiology, Health Service Research, Operation Research, Economic, Statistics or equivalent area. Required AND Master's Degree Statistics, Engineering, Epidemiology, Health Service Research, Operation Research, Economic, Statistics or equivalent area. Required Ph.D. Statistics, Engineering, Epidemiology, Health Service Research, Operation Research, Economic, Statistics or equivalent area. Preferred 7 Years with a Master's degree: 7 years experience working with inferential statistics and/or machine learning required. Experience working in healthcare or related field preferred. 5 Years with a PhD: 5 years experience working with inferential statistics and/or machine learning required. Experience working in healthcare or related field preferred. Excellent skills using SPSS, R, SAS or python. Excellent skills using Tableau, Power BI, Cognos, or equivalent visualization software. Excellent skills using SQL to query, join tables, and create tables. Excellent skills doing data discovery in an EDW or data lake environment. Able to take on multiple projects concurrently and manage changes in scope along the way. Proven track record of building intuitive statistical model that provide actionable insight to business users Ability to manage train others, set timelines, and hold accountability. Position Responsibilities THR The Data Scientist Lead’s role will be a self-motivated individual, who can inspire others by telling stories with data. The individual will lead and manage other analyst on projects. They will help educate the business on data analysis and drive business decisions through their team's analytic work. Regularly exercising independent judgment and decision making in projects across the entire enterprise of Texas Health Resources. This position manages four people.  In addition to the required qualifications, a successful Data Scientist Lead will: Leads multiple projects in an analytic role and overcome roadblock in data to get things done. Works with minimal guidance and can manipulating and join data from multiple sources into population set for comparative analysis. To be accomplished using a SQL, or No-SQL tool approach. Partners with senior leadership across the organization to assess need and define business questions. Leads analytic meetings to translate business questions/problems into analytical questions and deliver analytic insights back to the business. Ability to communicate complex methodologies of analytics to a non-technical user. Works with multi-disciplinary or cross functional teams to plan and build efficient scalable models that can be automated for large scale data analyses, development, validation, and implementation. Ability to communicate this plan Deliver actionable insights with data to propose operational or process changes. Identify key driver of desired outcomes both known and unknown at the start of the analysis. Explaining the analysis to key stakeholders. Program or project analysis using statistical techniques to prove or disprove efficacy of the projects, tying in sources from the EMR, Supply Chain, Finance, Patient Experience, and third-party sources. Presentations to upper leadership on findings through graphical displays, and ability to tell the story through data and examples. Write statistical methodology and results for technical reports and publication. Submit for publication insights discovered at THR. Effectively manage diverse assignment with shifting priorities and tight timeframes. Mentor analytic team members to grow their skills and ability. This might include creating training classes on analytic concepts or leading a monthly journal article review. Why Texas Health As a Texas Health Data Scientist Lead you’ll enjoy top-notch benefits including 401(k) with match, paid time off, competitive health insurance choices, healthcare and dependent care spending account options, wellness programs to keep you and your family healthy, tuition reimbursement, a student loan repayment program and more. At Texas Health, our people make this a great place to work every day. Our inclusive, supportive, people-first, excellence-driven culture make THR a great place to work. Here are a few of our recent awards: 2021 FORTUNE Magazine’s “100 Best Companies to Work For®” (7th year in a row) Becker's Healthcare ""150 Great Places to Work in Healthcare"" (4 years running) “America’s Best Employers for Diversity” list by Forbes A “100 Best Workplaces for Millennials"" by Fortune and Great Place to Work® Additional perks of being a THR Data Scientist Lead Gain a sense of accomplishment by contributing in a teamwork environment Receive excellent mentorship, comprehensive training and dedicated clinical leadership resources Enjoy opportunities for growth Explore our Texas Health careers site for info like Benefits, Job Listings by Category, recent Awards we’ve won and more. Do you still have questions or concerns? Feel free to email your questions to recruitment@texashealth.org."
357,357,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=58c8ffd0418ee2d8&fccid=63dc47ddbc3a4e7d&vjs=3,"The salary listed on this job posting is the entire salary range for the position; amount offered will depend upon qualifications. The candidate will be responsible for supporting the city on its journey to becoming a data centric organization. Core responsibilities include assessment and creation of data inventories, analyses of various data streams, and utilization of large data sets to determine unique insights to further business needs. The ideal candidate will have deep data knowledge and skills, an eye for human centered design and a desire to tell concise and compelling data stories. By using available data and information, the Data Science Analyst will help the City become smarter, more efficient and effective in delivering services and programs to constituents. Essential Functions Develop mechanisms to ingest, analyze, validate, normalize, and clean data. Retrieve and combine data from databases, websites, department systems, etc. Use unstructured data and data mining techniques to extract valuable information. Create data visualizations that clearly communicate trends and are accessible for non-technical audiences. Develop tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy. Collaborate with partners to produce and communicate insights to various levels of leadership. Use data to aid city staff to make informed strategic decisions. Contribute to the city’s Data Academy, Data Collaborative, Community of Practice and other citywide data initiatives, as needed. Support data analytics trainings, as needed. Minimum Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in a data science or related field (data science, math, statistics, social science, etc.) Master’s degree preferred but not required. 2 years of related experience (database management, operations, statistical analysis, etc.) required. Graduate degree can substitute for one year of experience to satisfy the experience requirement. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Required to Perform Work Proficiency in R and/or Python required. Competency in both strongly preferred. Demonstrated experience with SQL or another querying language. Demonstrated experience working with large datasets. Experience in the creation of customized models and algorithms. Examples of past translation of data into visualizations or report outs required. Experience performing data mining and statistical analysis with civic, socioeconomic, and/or demographic data preferred. Cross-functional experience in business or social sciences preferred but not required. Familiarity with programming, visualization, and statistical tools such as R, JMP, SAS, Tableau, Python, Perl, Java/C++. Advanced knowledge in SQL required; knowledge of other querying languages a plus. Fluency in R or Python strongly preferred. Strong written and verbal communication skills, with an emphasis on the ability to communicate data and insights to a variety of stakeholders using non-technical language. A demonstrable ability to use data science tools to approach a problem and ability to humanize data sets and communicate insights through that lens. Willingness to learn new programming and data analysis techniques. Strong interpersonal skills and ease in building effective relationships with all levels of city staff and officials, as well as public stakeholders and citizens. A personal value of and talent for portraying data in an unbiased and objective manner. Commitment to the City’s core values – Empathy, Equity, Ethics, and Excellence Disclosures No felony or class A misdemeanor conviction.No class B misdemeanor convictions within the last ten (10) years.No family violence convictions. English/Spanish bilingual skills are required."
358,358,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=cd744539164c0c1e&fccid=03e5fef1f1c1b85d&vjs=3,"Businesses Raytheon Intelligence & Space Clearance type Secret - Current Relocation eligible Yes Ability to Telecommute No telecommuting Job ID 183766BR Most Recent Date Posted 07/14/2021 City Dallas State TX Country United States Raytheon Intelligence and Space (RIS)is growing! We have an immediate opportunity for a Data Scientist - Engineering Data Analyticsto join our Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance Systems (ISRS) Mission Area; Advanced Surveillance Systems Requirement Development group.  Explore RI&S: Raytheon Intelligence & Space  The Data Analytics Scientist will join a dynamic product line team responsible for delivering state of the art system-of-systems and be a key contributor to help lead the development of data models, analytics algorithms, database structure, and visualization tools to support the reliability and sustainment teams. While this analytics effort will support multiple contracts and programs under RSS, you will work directly with the Sustainment team’s Lead Systems Engineer and Chief Engineer.   This is an opportunity for an experienced self-starter to demonstrate and grow their analytics skills in a fast-paced, dynamic environment. Your multitasking and organizational skills allow you to prioritize competing tasks with ease to deliver sound technical results. You communicate daily with peers and brief leadership weekly. In addition, you look for innovative opportunities to increase efficiency and to cross-train with other members of the team.   Required Skills: Minimum 8 years of related work experience in data cleaning, exploratory data analysis using machine learning algorithms, and data visualization Experience applying data reduction, feature selection, and feature engineering techniques to provide metrics that enable evidence-based decisions from real life events and data accumulation Experience with standard data science toolsets, databases, and visualization tools Experience with automating processes, analyzing large, complex datasets and communicating issues to the engineering team Requires strong written/verbal communication skills; experience using Microsoft Office tool suite Prior experience performing analysis at all levels of the total system product including concept, design, modeling, test, operation, and maintenance An active and in-scope DoD Secret US security clearance is required.Must be able to obtain a DoD Top Secret clearance within one year of start date.  Desired Skills: Knowledge of radar systems operation Experience in scripting in Linux environments (RHEL preferred) Experience/Knowledge with Python, sckitlearn, Jupyter, Neo4j, SQL (Microsoft SQL, MySQL), Tableau, R, Matlab  Required Education: Bachelor’s degree in a related STEM discipline (such as Data Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Software Engineering, Systems Engineering, Physics, etc.) Advanced degree is preferred.183766  Raytheon Technologies is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class."
359,359,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=28e29c15708682dd&fccid=e22ec123cbb88199&vjs=3,"Overview: Who we are Imagine working in a place where continuous improvement and innovation is celebrated and rewarded; where fast-paced, high-impact teams come together to positively drive results for one of the largest & most iconic brands in the world. As the only rapidly growing retailer, you may know us as your friendly neighborhood store. You probably know our familiar name, have seen our pervasive logo, and have tried our highly sought-after products, such as Slurpee® and Big Bite®. “Brain Freeze” is a 7-Eleven registered trademark for our 53-year old Slurpee® and with over 67,000 stores globally (more than any other retailer or food service provider), we sell over 14 million a month. But there’s a lot more to our story and much more left to be written. We are transforming our business, ensuring we are customer obsessed and digitally enabled to seamlessly link our brick and mortar stores with digital products and services. At 7-Eleven the entrepreneurial spirit is in our DNA and has been ever since our inception 90+ years ago. It’s what drove us to invent the convenience industry in 1927 by envisioning how a simple ice dock could provide household staples such as milk and eggs to better serve the needs of our customers. Today we are redefining convenience and the customer experience in big ways...we are fundamentally changing our culture and we want talented, innovative, customer obsessed, and entrepreneurial people like you to come make history with us. How we lead At 7-Eleven we are guided by our Leadership Principles. Be Customer Obsessed Be Courageous with Your Point of View Challenge the Status Quo Act Like an Entrepreneur Have an “It Can Be Done” Attitude Do the Right Thing Be Accountable Each principle has a defined set of behaviors which help guide the 7-Eleven team to Serve Customers and Support Stores. About This Opportunity Responsibilities: At 7-Eleven, we are redefining convenience stores using Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning (AI/ML). Our AI/ML engines are powering our automated inventory management, personalized offers, member loyalty programs, delivery programs, chatbots, and various data-driven business insights for our business and partners. We are looking for a Data Scientist who wants to join our exciting journeys ahead. You will be working with a team of industry leading data scientists and engineers. You will be exposed to large datasets and gain deep and end-to-end experience of AI/ML products and their business use cases. You will be able to work on many different types of problems ranging from marketing to order fulfillment, and apply techniques from statistical analysis to deep learning. Team principles: Open-minded yet assertive Be valuable (to peers, reports, partners, leadership) High quality work and elegant solution Radical truth and radical transparency Challenge and willing to be challenged Embrace data Work hard and have Fun Be patient – it’s a long road with ups and downs Push our limits and believe in yourself that you can do it Qualifications:  Qualifications: Soft skills: A quick and enthusiastic learner Strong ownership Self-motivated Strong communication and collaboration skills Entrepreneurial mindset – Skillful in approaching open ended business problems Strong data acumen Technical skills: Proficient in Python and SQL (must) Solid understanding of version control and software development principles (must). Sharing a Github repo with us is one of the best ways to showcase your skills in this area. Experience in advance analytics, large scale and complicated database and comprehensive data wrangling (must) Solid foundation in statistics Experience with cloud environments such as AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, etc. Experience with big data Experience in Deep Learning #LI-NS1"
360,360,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=6286cbdf4e7134fe&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3," Bachelor’s degree, or equivalent experience, in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or a related field 5+ years’ experience of Data platform implementation, including 3+ years of hands-on experience in implementation and performance tuning Kinesis/Kafka/Spark/Storm implementations. Experience with analytic solutions applied to the Marketing or Risk needs of enterprises Basic understanding of machine learning fundamentals. Ability to take Machine Learning models and implement them as part of data pipeline 5+ years of IT platform implementation experience. Experience with one or more relevant tools ( Flink, Spark, Sqoop, Flume, Kafka, Amazon Kinesis ). Experience developing software code in one or more programming languages (Java, JavaScript, Python, etc). Current hands-on implementation experience required  At Amazon Web Services (AWS), we’re hiring highly technical cloud computing architects and engineers to collaborate with our customers and partners on key engagements. Our consultants will develop and deliver proof-of-concept projects, technical workshops, and support implementation projects. These professional services engagements will focus on customer solutions such as Machine Learning, Data and Analytics, HPC and more.  In this role, you will work with our partners, customers and focus on our AWS Analytics and ML service offerings such Amazon Kinesis, AWS Glue, Amazon Redshift, Amazon EMR, Amazon Athena, Amazon SageMaker and more. You will help our customers and partners to remove the constraints that prevent them from leveraging their data to develop business insights.  AWS Professional Services engage in a wide variety of projects for customers and partners, providing collective experience from across the AWS customer base and are obsessed about customer success. Our team collaborates across the entire AWS organization to bring access to product and service teams, to get the right solution delivered and drive feature innovation based upon customer needs.  In our Global Specialist Practice, you will also have the opportunity to create white papers, writing blogs, build demos and other reusable collateral that can be used by our customers, and, most importantly, you will work closely with our Solution Architects, Data Scientists and Service Engineering teams.  The ideal candidate will have extensive experience with design, development and operations that leverages deep knowledge in the use of services like Amazon Kinesis, Apache Kafka, Apache Spark, Amazon Sagemaker, Amazon EMR, NoSQL technologies and other 3rd parties.  Excellent business and communication skills are a must to develop and define key business questions and to build data sets that answer those questions. You should be able to work with business customers in understanding the business requirements and implementing solutions.  Inclusive Team Culture Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have thirteen employee-led affinity groups, reaching 85,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 16 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.  Work/Life Balance Our team puts a high value on work-life harmony. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here. We are a customer-obsessed organization—leaders start with the customer and work backwards. They work vigorously to earn and keep customer trust. As such, this is a customer facing role in a hybrid delivery model. Project engagements include remote delivery methods and onsite engagement that will include travel to customer locations as needed.  Mentorship & Career Growth Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded professional and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.  This is a customer facing role. You will be required to travel to client locations and deliver professional services when needed.   Masters or PhD in Computer Science, Physics, Engineering or Math. Hands on experience working on large-scale data science/data analytics projects. Ability to lead effectively across organizations. Hands-on experience with Data Analytics technologies such as AWS, Hadoop, Spark, Spark SQL, MLib or Storm/Samza. Implementing AWS services in a variety of distributed computing, enterprise environments. Proficiency with at least one the languages such as C++, Java, Scala or Python. Experience with at least one of the modern distributed Machine Learning and Deep Learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, MxNet Caffe, and Keras. Experience building large-scale machine-learning infrastructure that have been successfully delivered to customers. Experience defining system architectures and exploring technical feasibility trade-offs. 3+ years experiences developing cloud software services and an understanding of design for scalability, performance and reliability. Experience working on a code base with many contributors. Ability to prototype and evaluate applications and interaction methodologies. Experience with AWS technology stack. Written and verbal technical communication skills with an ability to present complex technical information in a clear and concise manner to a variety of audiences.  Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."
361,361,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=d5bef2535682b556&fccid=81d1e68cec787077&vjs=3,"Responsibilities include: Successful candidate will be a key contributor to driving Frontier's predictive analytics capabilities and leveraging quantitative insights throughout the company. Junior Data Scientist will be responsible for a broad range of analytics driven insights including developing and enhancing customer segmentation for sales and marketing, churn forecasting and propensity modeling, customer profitability and lifetime value analysis, and response modeling across B2B and B2C domains. Work with and analyze complex data from various sources. Manipulate large data sets and navigate a variety of servers, data types, and data structures to complete statistical and other analyses Develop predictive and descriptive models using advanced procedures like statistical modeling, linear regression, survival, and Bayesian analyses. Knowledge of some/all of the following techniques: Multivariate Regression, Logistic Regression, Support Vector Machines, Bootstrap Aggregation, Boosting, Decision Trees, and Time Series Analysis. Use a suite of analytical tools including Python, R, and SAS to build, implement, and regularly monitor the effectiveness of predictive models. Perform statistical data analysis and build forecasting and optimization models Partnering with business analysts to gather requirements and translate to actionable scenarios and models Work with various functions to document and communicate results of analyses, present work in clean, structured formats Skills/Requirements An advanced degree, or directly relevant experience in a quantitative discipline, such as operations research, econometrics, or statistics Experience developing and implementing statistical models 2+ years of experience with a statistical analysis tool like Python, R, and SAS This role will rely heavily on programming experience in Python and R Experience performing data management, mining, and manipulation along with analytics Experience using survival techniques/models Experience using SQL in a RDBMS environment Excellent communication skills, oral and written Must have strong attention to detail and ability to work independently under general instructions and with a team Desirable Experience with tools and methodologies specific to big data Familiarity with relational databases, such as MS SQL Server and Oracle Experience with Alteryx suite of applications, including Designer, Server, and Gallery Knowledge of 3rd party demographic (Claritas) or firmographic (D&B) information sources"
362,362,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=391ae0eac1d113c9&fccid=c68f858ef73a0c44&vjs=3,"Who We Are: For over 25 years, Getty Images has embraced disruption and change; riding the digital wave to evolve from a fragmented, analog stock photo business into a multi-billion dollar, global e-commerce industry leader and trusted brand. The breadth and quality of our content has always allowed our customers and partners to tell their stories with greater creativity and accuracy, eliciting more emotion and enabling more action.  Help us move the world with images! Getty Images is the most trusted and esteemed source of visual content in the world available through its industry-leading sites www.gettyimages.com and www.istock.com. The Getty Images website serves creative, business and media customers in almost 200 countries and is the first-place people turn to discover, purchase and share powerful content from the world's best photographers and videographers.  Getty Images works with over 360,000 contributors and image partners to provide comprehensive coverage of more than 160,000 news, sport and entertainment events, impactful creative imagery to communicate any commercial concept and the world's deepest digital archive of historic photography. With over 435 million assets, of which over 310 million are digitized, encompassing the latest global news, sports, celebrity, music and fashion coverage; exclusive conceptual creative images; and the world’s largest commercial archive. New content is added daily, with 8-10 million new assets added each quarter.  Getty Images offers the most exclusive and unique creative and editorial visual content globally. The breadth and quality of our content allows our customers and partners to tell their stories with greater creativity and accuracy, thereby eliciting more emotion and enabling more action. Getty Images moves the world —whether the goal is commercial or philanthropic, revenue-generating or society-changing, market-disrupting or headline-driving. Getty Images offers the highest quality and most diverse visual content, based on industry-leading expertise and innovation. Role: Data Scientist – Search Term: 6 month contract We are looking for a Data Scientist with expertise in ranking algorithms (search, recommendations, and/or newsfeeds). Using your machine learning expertise while considering the broader business context, you will build industry-leading recommendations in visual search. This position will have a direct impact on the search and browse paths for millions of customers and drive key conversion metrics.  You will have access to a growing, rich dataset of the most trusted, esteemed, and diverse visual content in the world with over 250 million award-winning images and videos encompassing the latest global news coverage from red carpet events to football stadiums to conflict zones; outstanding conceptual creative images; and the world’s largest commercial archive. With a global presence, our search interaction data comes from over 50 million outstanding visitors a quarter from almost every country in the world.   Your Next Challenge: Research and build machine learning algorithms for search ranking, leveraging our images, metadata, and/or customer interactions to significantly improve our customer’s image/video discovery experiences. Develop and implement online and offline testing and validation methodologies Partner closely with other data scientists, data engineers, machine learning engineers, and search engineers to implement and deploy models in production Collaborate closely with product, engineering, design/research, and data science leaders Recommend changes to our search ranking strategy presented in a clear manner to team members and leadership Share your expertise by mentoring others on the team We’d Love to Hear From You If You Have: Proven experience building and validating search, personalization, recommendation, and/or newsfeed algorithms for customer-facing products A minimum of 2 years validated experience An understanding of the real-world advantages and drawbacks of various algorithms and the ability to measure success Ability to handle ambiguity, priorities, and competing objectives. Experience solving highly technical problems Hands-on experience with accessing data, Python, machine learning libraries, and deep learning libraries (ex: scikit-learn, numpy, pandas, scipy, TensorFlow, SQL, hive, spark, etc.). Ability to write clean, understandable code that follows leading industry standards and practices and is well-documented, and to build easily reproducible models An ability to consider biases that exist in the data and develop solutions to mitigate biases appropriately Outstanding communication skills. Strong communication skills at all levels, including sophisticated technical solutions to non-experts Open listener, ability to be open to many diverse voices and perspectives You are clear, credible, and forward-thinking Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: A Ph.D. or MS in Computer Science, Statistics, Data Science, Mathematics, Economics, Sociology, Natural Sciences, or any other equivalent quantitative field is preferred This is a temporary, contract role with an expected duration of 5 to 6 months Leadership Principles As a company, we're committed to living these Principles every day. Here's how we support our mission to be the best place to work globally. We are trustworthy, transparent, and honest We love character, authenticity, and integrity. We always raise the bar Excellence is our norm; we get better through endeavor, curiosity, and speed. We collectively bring solutions We love debate, but collaborating to solve problems for ourselves and our customers is everyone’s responsibility. We care, are kind, courteous, and respectful We will not tolerate rudeness. We reject biased behaviour and discrimination We seek to understand biases in all forms. We call out biases and discrimination when observed and take action where responsible. We are inclusive of different voices, perspectives, and experience Diversity and inclusion are never done, but we are passionate in their pursuit. We are one Getty Images with no silos We share goals and accountability; we and actively seek information and expertise; we make time for our peers. We deliver on our commitments, and commercial goals With one voice and shared accountability. We put the customer at the heart of everything we do We listen to, anticipate, and exceed customer needs, adapting as they evolve. We celebrate our inclusive work environment and welcome members of all backgrounds and perspectives. Women, gender-nonbinary, people of color, LGBTQIA+ people and people with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Getty Images is committed to providing Reasonable Accommodations and will work with you to meet your needs. If you are a person with a disability and require assistance to search for a job opening or to submit an online application, please email RecruitingAccommodations@gettyimages.com. Visit Getty Images at www.gettyimages.com to learn more about how the company is advancing the unique role of still and moving imagery in communication and business, and enabling creative ideas to come to life.  For company news and announcements, visit our Press Room, and for the stories and inspiration behind our content, visit Stories & Trends.  Find Getty Images on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn, Pinterest and Tumblr, or download the Getty Images app where you can explore, save and share the world's best imagery.  Getty Images is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. Getty Images believes that diversity is critical to our success in moving the world with images and is committed to creating an inclusive, mutually respectful environment which celebrates diversity. We seek to hire on the basis of merit, competence, performance, and business needs."
363,363,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=47025392717a5ce8&fccid=e22ec123cbb88199&vjs=3,"Overview: Who we are Imagine working in a place where continuous improvement and innovation is celebrated and rewarded; where fast-paced, high-impact teams come together to positively drive results for one of the largest & most iconic brands in the world. As the only rapidly growing retailer, you may know us as your friendly neighborhood store. You probably know our familiar name, have seen our pervasive logo, and have tried our highly sought-after products, such as Slurpee® and Big Bite®. “Brain Freeze” is a 7-Eleven registered trademark for our 53-year old Slurpee® and with over 67,000 stores globally (more than any other retailer or food service provider). But there’s a lot more to our story and much more left to be written. We are transforming our business, ensuring we are customer obsessed and digitally enabled to seamlessly link our brick and mortar stores with digital products and services. At 7-Eleven the entrepreneurial spirit is in our DNA and has been ever since our inception 90+ years ago. It’s what drove us to invent the convenience industry in 1927 by envisioning how a simple ice dock could provide household staples such as milk and eggs to better serve the needs of our customers. Today we are redefining convenience and the customer experience in big ways...we are fundamentally changing our culture and we want talented, innovative, customer obsessed, and entrepreneurial people like you to come make history with us. How we lead At 7-Eleven we are guided by our Leadership Principles. Be Customer Obsessed Be Courageous with Your Point of View Challenge the Status Quo Act Like an Entrepreneur Have an “It Can Be Done” Attitude Do the Right Thing Be Accountable Each principle has a defined set of behaviors which help guide the 7-Eleven team to Serve Customers and Support Stores. About This Opportunity Responsibilities:  The Operations Research team is responsible for modeling/ scenario planning/ optimizing 7-Eleven Supply Chain future operating model across the full value chain from vendor to customer. This team is responsible for developing network analytics, optimization, simulation, machine learning models and niche data science techniques to evaluate product flow from vendor to omnichannel distribution center and customer, across the first mile, middle mile and last mile, with focus on delivery speed, ensuring sufficient capacity for throughput and storage (via inventory modeling) in the network and improve operating efficiencies in omnichannel distribution and transportation across the network. A team member in this role will leverage different techniques, such as Linear programming, mixed integer programming, clustering, Monte Carlo simulation, discrete event simulation, regression, random forest, SVM’s and other machine learning techniques along with advanced statistical skills and also collaborate with stakeholders across product, technology and business teams to transform 7-Eleven supply chain. Develop an understanding of 7-Eleven supply chain data and gather/ analyze the same to understand the current state of the supply chain. Identify underlying patterns and business opportunities with data. Develop and scale optimization/ simulation models/ algorithms to evaluate variety of business opportunities across the supply chain. Work with data engineers to ensure very high data quality. Develop custom scalable and sustainable integrated mathematical models by leveraging technical skills across R, Python, Spark, Hadoop and other big data tools and optimization solvers such as Gurobi, CBC, CPlex etc. Ability to define the problem under ambiguous business considerations, gather the appropriate data, develop the models and deliver appropriate recommendations at the speed of business. Define and conduct experiments/ scenarios to validate or reject hypothesis and inform appropriate recommendations to stakeholders. Work with peers and stakeholders across Strategy, Supply Chain, Merchandizing, Digital, Finance and Store Operations to evaluate different business opportunities. Mentor and learn from other Operations Research analysts. Foster a culture of innovation and inclusiveness. Develop insights through analysis and visualization with data to inform and influence stakeholders. Qualifications: MS/ PhD in Operations Research, Industrial Engineering, Mathematics, Computer Science, Statistics and other related quantitative fields. 5+ years of relevant work experience, preferably in a supply chain environment. 3+ years of experience building statistical models, data analysis. Experience with programming in SQL, R, Python, Scala, Spark, Shell Script, SAS. Knowledge and experience implementing optimization and simulation models. Knowledge of advanced statistics, Mathematical programming (Deterministic, stochastic, constrained), Analysis of algorithms and computational complexity. Ability to perform deterministic optimization, constraint programing, mathematical model development and advanced simulation related to operations management. Utilize OPL/CPLEX/Gurobi to develop deterministic optimization solutions. Utilize knowledge of data structures, integer programming, lagrangian relaxation and duality, cutting plane methods, decomposition and column generations, time series analysis, and predictive modeling to develop scalable operations research and artificial intelligence tools. Develop custom scalable and sustainable integrated mathematical models by leveraging technical tools across Python, R, and SQL Develop analytical models and solving problems for supply chain optimization, network flow, predictive modeling, last mile routing, resource allocation, production scheduling and inventory management.  #LI-OC1"
367,367,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ef87b6f2ad79577a&fccid=f33a9750898d12d4&vjs=3,"At Liberty Mutual, our purpose is to help people embrace today and confidently pursue tomorrow. That's why we provide an environment focused on openness, inclusion, trust and respect. Here, you'll discover our expansive range of roles, and a workplace where we aim to help turn your passion into a rewarding profession. Liberty Mutual has proudly been recognized as a “Great Place to Work” by Great Place to Work® US for the past several years. We were also selected as one of the “100 Best Places to Work in IT” on IDG's Insider Pro and Computerworld's 2020 list. For many years running, we have been named by Forbes as one of America's Best Employers for Women and one of America's Best Employers for New Graduates—as well as one of America's Best Employers for Diversity. To learn more about our commitment to diversity and inclusion please visit: https://jobs.libertymutualgroup.com/diversity-inclusion We value your hard work, integrity and commitment to make things better, and we put people first by offering you benefits that support your life and well-being. To learn more about our benefit offerings please visit: https://LMI.co/Benefits Liberty Mutual is an equal opportunity employer. We will not tolerate discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, age, disability, veteran's status, pregnancy, genetic information or on any basis prohibited by federal, state or local law. The legal world is in the midst of a Data Science and AI revolution. The Liberty Mutual Legal department is at the forefront of the legal transformation applying advanced data science tools including deep learning and NLP to legal problems such as contract analysis, billing audit and policy coverage analysis. We are looking for a talented data scientist to join our team building AI and decision support tools that help our clients and policyholders obtain better outcomes on legal related issues. In this role, you will collaborate closely with a team of data scientists, analysts, and IT developers. You and the team will work with clients across the company to develop strong understanding of business needs. You will research and apply machine learning and statistical algorithms to projects aimed at revealing the drivers of legal cost and related outcomes. Example projects include using deep learning based NLP models to classify millions of text-based legal records, machine learning models to predict the outcome of a case, and using Bayesian hierarchical models to estimate causal effect of legal decisions. Responsibilities: Develop predictive and explanatory models that help improve legal decision making using deep learning and other NLP (Natural Language Processing) techniques Perform all data preparation and exploratory data analysis steps Guide implementation, testing, and evaluation of models Work with clients to develop strong understanding of business needs and use business understanding to help design effective analytical solutions Manage and execute all aspects of analytic initiatives, including developing project plans and collaborating with others Present methodology and results of analysis to a broad range of audiences, including both technical and non-technical, at all levels of the organization Collaborate closely with other members of the Legal Analytics and Data Science team and the Liberty Mutual Data Science community Potential for up to 10% travel Competencies typically acquired through a Ph.D. degree (in Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, Actuarial Science or other scientific field of study) with 0-1 years professional experience, a Master's degree and 2-3 years of relevant experience or may be acquired through a Bachelor's degree and 4+ years of relevant experience. Significant professional experience required applying quantitative analysis and modeling to solving real-world business problems including experience in model validation, testing and deployment Adept at framing business questions and practices in analytic terms, and translating business requirements into corresponding datasets, analyses, models, and reports Demonstrated proficiency in R or Python required Experience applying Deep Learning and/or NLP techniques (especially using Tensorflow or PyTorch) on large unstructured data highly preferred Demonstrated communication skills to exchange ideas and convey complex information clearly and concisely Model deployment and project management experience preferred  16"
368,368,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9a66af0434ba65a5&fccid=f33a9750898d12d4&vjs=3,"At Liberty Mutual, our purpose is to help people embrace today and confidently pursue tomorrow. That's why we provide an environment focused on openness, inclusion, trust and respect. Here, you'll discover our expansive range of roles, and a workplace where we aim to help turn your passion into a rewarding profession. Liberty Mutual has proudly been recognized as a “Great Place to Work” by Great Place to Work® US for the past several years. We were also selected as one of the “100 Best Places to Work in IT” on IDG's Insider Pro and Computerworld's 2020 list. For many years running, we have been named by Forbes as one of America's Best Employers for Women and one of America's Best Employers for New Graduates—as well as one of America's Best Employers for Diversity. To learn more about our commitment to diversity and inclusion please visit: https://jobs.libertymutualgroup.com/diversity-inclusion We value your hard work, integrity and commitment to make things better, and we put people first by offering you benefits that support your life and well-being. To learn more about our benefit offerings please visit: https://LMI.co/Benefits Liberty Mutual is an equal opportunity employer. We will not tolerate discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, age, disability, veteran's status, pregnancy, genetic information or on any basis prohibited by federal, state or local law. Data & Analytics Engineering (DAE) Senior Data Analysts profile, define, and catalog analytical data structures, messages, and databases to enable translation of complex business data into usable computer systems. Data Analysts work with data modelers, data stewards, engineers and data architects to profile data and assist with designing databases and data structures that meet organizational needs using data models. They support the creation of data models and data catalogs designed to improve efficiency and business value and may focus on issues such as reducing data redundancy, improving data quality or improving data movement across systems. An ideal DAE Senior Data Analyst is an analytical and creative thinker who is not intimidated by roadblocks and challenges. They understand how to successfully evaluate problems and develop appropriate solutions. Senior Data Analysts perform well under pressure, possessing great focus while completing projects efficiently. They should be able to work well as part of a team, but also carry responsibility for their own work. Senior Data Analysts also need to be able to work on multiple projects at a time, with the ability to quickly understand and incorporate new technologies. Below are the skills and abilities that Data Analytics and Engineering will look for in a Senior Data Analyst. What you will do: Work with the Data Stewards, Data Modelers, Data Architects, DAE and Application Development teams to profile data and translate business needs into practical data definitions Support the creation of Conceptual Data Models for multiple domains within our Canonical Model Support the creation of Physical Data Models using Data Vault 2.0 for our datalake and data warehouse aligned to the canonical model Lead and facilitate requirements and data characteristics gathering sessions Support modeling teams with table creation and development team mentoring Support the creation and oversight of data governance policies and processes Contribute policies and guidelines for the governance of Data Management standards and best practices Understand and document how data is, or will be used, and its implications on people, processes, products and technology What you will need: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or similar Experience in insurance industry 2+ years experience with Erwin modeling tool Prior experience with Snowflake or similar SaaS offering 3+ years experience with cloud-based Data Warehouse and Data Lake environments Previous experience translating business requirements into Data Profiles, Conceptual models and Data Catalogs 3+ years experience with SQL Must be able to work independently and collaboratively on large scale data projects Experience in these areas is a Plus: Prior experience modeling using Data Vault 2.0 Previous experience supporting the modeling of an enterprise canonical model Has worked with industry standard ACORD model Experience with ETL tools such as Informatica or Snaplogic Exposure to Business Intelligence tools (PowerBI, MicroStrategy) Exposure with messaging solution like Kafka and MQ Experience in Enterprise reference and master data management strategies  16"
370,370,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ef87b6f2ad79577a&fccid=f33a9750898d12d4&vjs=3,"At Liberty Mutual, our purpose is to help people embrace today and confidently pursue tomorrow. That's why we provide an environment focused on openness, inclusion, trust and respect. Here, you'll discover our expansive range of roles, and a workplace where we aim to help turn your passion into a rewarding profession. Liberty Mutual has proudly been recognized as a “Great Place to Work” by Great Place to Work® US for the past several years. We were also selected as one of the “100 Best Places to Work in IT” on IDG's Insider Pro and Computerworld's 2020 list. For many years running, we have been named by Forbes as one of America's Best Employers for Women and one of America's Best Employers for New Graduates—as well as one of America's Best Employers for Diversity. To learn more about our commitment to diversity and inclusion please visit: https://jobs.libertymutualgroup.com/diversity-inclusion We value your hard work, integrity and commitment to make things better, and we put people first by offering you benefits that support your life and well-being. To learn more about our benefit offerings please visit: https://LMI.co/Benefits Liberty Mutual is an equal opportunity employer. We will not tolerate discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, age, disability, veteran's status, pregnancy, genetic information or on any basis prohibited by federal, state or local law. The legal world is in the midst of a Data Science and AI revolution. The Liberty Mutual Legal department is at the forefront of the legal transformation applying advanced data science tools including deep learning and NLP to legal problems such as contract analysis, billing audit and policy coverage analysis. We are looking for a talented data scientist to join our team building AI and decision support tools that help our clients and policyholders obtain better outcomes on legal related issues. In this role, you will collaborate closely with a team of data scientists, analysts, and IT developers. You and the team will work with clients across the company to develop strong understanding of business needs. You will research and apply machine learning and statistical algorithms to projects aimed at revealing the drivers of legal cost and related outcomes. Example projects include using deep learning based NLP models to classify millions of text-based legal records, machine learning models to predict the outcome of a case, and using Bayesian hierarchical models to estimate causal effect of legal decisions. Responsibilities: Develop predictive and explanatory models that help improve legal decision making using deep learning and other NLP (Natural Language Processing) techniques Perform all data preparation and exploratory data analysis steps Guide implementation, testing, and evaluation of models Work with clients to develop strong understanding of business needs and use business understanding to help design effective analytical solutions Manage and execute all aspects of analytic initiatives, including developing project plans and collaborating with others Present methodology and results of analysis to a broad range of audiences, including both technical and non-technical, at all levels of the organization Collaborate closely with other members of the Legal Analytics and Data Science team and the Liberty Mutual Data Science community Potential for up to 10% travel Competencies typically acquired through a Ph.D. degree (in Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, Actuarial Science or other scientific field of study) with 0-1 years professional experience, a Master's degree and 2-3 years of relevant experience or may be acquired through a Bachelor's degree and 4+ years of relevant experience. Significant professional experience required applying quantitative analysis and modeling to solving real-world business problems including experience in model validation, testing and deployment Adept at framing business questions and practices in analytic terms, and translating business requirements into corresponding datasets, analyses, models, and reports Demonstrated proficiency in R or Python required Experience applying Deep Learning and/or NLP techniques (especially using Tensorflow or PyTorch) on large unstructured data highly preferred Demonstrated communication skills to exchange ideas and convey complex information clearly and concisely Model deployment and project management experience preferred  16"
371,371,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=af8725e9fa5689e7&fccid=734cb5a01ee60f80&vjs=3, Required:
375,375,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=92d3d900fbddb716&fccid=5f1f0e6dcc6cbc83&vjs=3,"This team supports several business units within Humana, including, but not limited to HR, Risk, Finance, etc. The Lead Data Scientist uses mathematics, statistics, modeling, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions. The Lead Data Scientist works on problems of diverse scope and complexity ranging from moderate to substantial. Responsibilities The Lead Data Scientist develops, maintains, and collects structured and unstructured data sets for analysis and reporting. Creates reports, projections, models, and presentations to support business strategy and tactics. Advises executives to develop functional strategies (often segment specific) on matters of significance. Exercises independent judgment and decision making on complex issues regarding job duties and related tasks, and works under minimal supervision, Uses independent judgment requiring analysis of variable factors and determining the best course of action. Required Qualifications: Master's Degree + 6 years of experience, or equivalent experience with a Bachelors degree. Experience with big data tools, especially Spark (PySpark) Proficient in Tensorflow Comfortable working with tools on the cloud 2 or more years project leadership experience with the ability to think independently and creatively and bring solutions to the table. Ability to work under minimal supervision, using independent judgment Experience in using mathematics, statistics, modeling, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions Demonstrated experience in AI Implementation and ML modeling. Proficiency in programming, preferably Python. Successful demonstrated experience in working on problems of diverse scope and complexity ranging from moderate to substantial Experience in developing, maintaining, and collecting structured and unstructured data sets for analysis and reporting Experience in creating reports, projections, models, and presentations to support business Ability to exercise independent judgment and decision making on complex issues regarding job duties and related tasks Ability to works under minimal supervision, using independent judgment Must be passionate about contributing to an organization focused on continuously improving consumer experiences Nice to Have: PhD Previous experience in Fraud modeling, Forecasting, and Time series analysis. Experience working in Marketing How We Work: We knock down barriers to health and are a catalyst so that people can live their best lives on their terms. We live our values in all that we do. THRIVE together Build Trust: Our team is authentic, we are honest and transparent, and we make promises and then deliver on them. You can rely on us, always. Embrace Positivity: We believe in the power of positive messages, positive emotions and positive relationships to motivate our teammates and our members to live their best lives. RETHINK routine Be Curious and Humble: We don’t know everything. To deliver on our mission, we need to be intensely curious and open to challenging own assumptions about the world, the industry, the solution, and our own members’ experiences. Solve Problems with Creativity: We are especially skilled in navigating complexity, solving tough problems and making concepts real as we forge a new path in healthcare. CULTIVATE uniqueness Elevate Others: We value the impact and contributions of our teammates and members. We are supportive leaders, collaborating and building relationships to enable others to reach their highest potential. Value Diverse Perspectives: We value each individual for who they are and their unique skills. In building diverse teams and learning from the perspectives of others, we create more inclusive solutions. Your wellness is important to us: Due to COVID-19, most of our employees are working from home. We have implemented a virtual hiring process and continue to interview candidates by phone or video and are onboarding new hires remotely. We value the safety of each member of our team because we know we are all in this together. Location: Louisville, KY (Preferred) or Remote Travel: 15-25% post-COVID Additional Information Scheduled Weekly Hours 40"
377,377,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=23172d0100b422f7&fccid=f0dc07e47704fab4&vjs=3,"Blucora has a bold aspiration: we are committed to giving all people the tools needed to lead healthy financial lives - tools often reserved for the wealthy. We now turn to the next leg, developing the technological tools that make our vision of financial health for all a reality. Atypical for the financial services industry, we take a contemporary approach to strategy and product development that is founded in user insights, rapid testing and a singular focus on driving end-user value. Since charting new territory on a daily basis is part of everyone's job at Blucora, we've attracted team members who thrive on the challenge, encourage each other, and are passionately committed to the goal. If you agree that problem- solving is a team sport, and feel energized by a good debate, deep dive research, or a fun night out with colleagues, we might be the right firm for you! Position Summary Blucora, the parent company to Avantax Wealth Management, Avantax Planning Partners, and TaxAct, is seeking a Senior Data Scientist that will be responsible for providing data, analysis, statistical modeling, and machine learning capabilities to inform key business initiatives. This role will deliver models to optimize marketing spend, create personalized engagement, and drive customer retention across both our tax preparation and wealth management businesses. Essential Duties & Responsibilities Deliver statistical models to drive organizational insights and key business actions. Partner closely with the business including the Marketing and Product teams to understand and optimize the customer journey (LTV). Provide insight into market segmentation, customer journey, and Experience (CX) with a high level of accuracy using analysis, predictive modeling, and machine learning. Assemble and clean data for modeling purposes. Write and interpret complex SQL queries. Model selection, build, and testing. Engage with the broader Data Science organization to support, refine, and test large-scale data science projects. Ability to deploy visualization techniques to deliver insights to end-user. Summarize and report key analytical findings and recommendations in both oral and written forms to various technical and non-technical teams. Other job duties as defined. Education & Experience Bachelor's or Master’s degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g. statistics, physics, engineering). Minimum of 3 years of hands-on experience in the analysis and modeling of large complex datasets. Fluency in SQL and experience with Big Data. Expertise in a programming language (Python, R, SQL) for statistical analysis. Expertise with statistical modeling techniques such as regression, classification, hypothesis testing, and unsupervised learning. Hands-on experience with optimization, data mining, or machine learning. Strong Excel and data visualization skills. The ability not just to retrieve and present data, but to draw conclusions and make recommendations. Experience working for a technology or internet company. Physical Demand & Work Effort Keying/typing, standing, walking. Sitting for an extended period. Constant mental and/or visual attention; the work is either repetitive or diversified requiring constant alertness in an office environment. The job is typically performed under comfortable working conditions; any disagreeable elements are generally absent during the normal performance of the job. Compliance with company attendance standards. Comprehensive Benefits We offer a competitive salary, outstanding benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, life insurance, paid vacation and sick days, paid holidays, tuition reimbursement, and 401(k) with company match. #Blucora At Blucora, we believe our work benefits from the diverse perspectives of our employees. As such, Blucora welcomes and celebrates diversity and inclusion and is committed to equal opportunity employment. At Blucora, you can expect a supportive, open and inclusive atmosphere and a team that values your contributions. Blucora, Inc. and its subsidiaries, Avantax Wealth Management, Avantax Planning Partners (formerly HK Financial Services), and TaxAct are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and any other status protected under federal or state law. Blucora, considers information gathered in the hiring process, including information on this application, confidential, and only shares it on a need-to know basis or as required by law. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at HR@Blucora.com or by calling 972-870-6000 to speak with a member of the HR Talent Acquisition team."
378,378,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=2245d01424dad53e&fccid=c9b9e477b3c84b4d&vjs=3,"Posted 02-Jun-2021 Service line Advisory Segment Role type Full-time Location(s) Dallas - Texas - United States of America, Richardson - Texas - United States of America  SUMMARY CBRE’s Data Science Center of Excellence (CoE) is looking to hire a Senior Data Scientist, based out of our Richardson, Texas campus. S/he would be one of the torchbearers of Data-inspired work across CBRE and will help shape Data Science/Analytics for the People function, among others. As one of the founding companies in Commercial Real Estate (CRE), CBRE is the world’s largest company spanning the spectrum of CRE services. The CoE was established to help Differentiate with Data and promote and productionize Data-inspired products/projects. Essentially looking for an Analytic mind, to strategically create and drive not just insights sought by Business but think/act beyond the mere essentials. Intuitive understanding of ML Algorithms and faith in their application is needed. We use a programming-language-agnostic ML workspace to version/deliver code. EXPERIENCE & EDUCATION Being an Analytics-focused role, this job mandates clear understanding of frameworks/tools to create reproducible and valid insights while slicing and dicing the data for various needs across the business lines  Wrapping data insights into narratives and visualizations are great-to-haves. Familiarity with Interpretable/ Explainable Machine Learning and Causal Inference is nice to have.  Must have anywhere between 4-6 years of impactful experience in creating Data-driven products and productionizing ML models, while being mindful of Data pipelines.  Bachelor's degree (BA/BS) in disciplines such as Mathematics (Pure/ Applied), Statistics, Computer Science/ Engineering, Information Systems or any other Scientific discipline – along with relevant experience. Or a Masters/ PhD with lesser, but applicable, experience is ideal. Nonetheless, an Analytic conviction in all the outputs is naturally essential. TECHNICAL & OTHER SKILLS  Proven functional experience in generating quick and sturdy business insights using standard tools and frameworks, potentially across various tech stacks including Open Source Work closely with Data and Software Engineers to provide robust and sustainable Business Intelligence  Visual thinking of outputs, as Tableau/ Power BI/ Streamlit, etc dashboards. Crispness in communicating the outputs is necessary  Strong coding skills in R and Python; and scripting in SQL and MS Excel. Any other relevant programming language skills like Java, Scala, Julia, etc would be gladly welcomed  Dependable hands-on skills in sourcing, cleaning, manipulating and analyzing large volumes of data optimally  Demonstrable experience in Supervised and Unsupervised learning – from Regression, Forecasting, Classification, to NLP, Decision and Search Algorithms"
380,380,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1de4f671f2c9c13b&fccid=de71a49b535e21cb&vjs=3,"Introduction At IBM, work is more than a job - it's a calling: To build. To design. To code. To consult. To think along with clients and sell. To make markets. To invent. To collaborate. Not just to do something better, but to attempt things you've never thought possible. Are you ready to lead in this new era of technology and solve some of the world's most challenging problems? If so, lets talk.  Your Role and Responsibilities IBM is seeking to hire a Cloud Inside Sales Specialist - Data & AI. In this role, the candidate is responsible for building deep technical skills in the corresponding Gateway offerings. You will be responsible for prospecting for new logos in a given territory.   The Cloud Inside Sales Specialist - Data & AI, will be deeply ingrained in the First Line Leader’s territory strategy while actively participating in Agile Squads in the Dallas Cloud Center. You will be required to uncover, qualify, progress, and close new sales opportunities for the Gateway offerings through a high level of touchpoints such as phone calls, social, and IBM’s partner ecosystems.  IBMReferred_NorthAmerica  Required Technical and Professional Expertise 5+ years of relevant IT sales and / or consulting experienceMust have proven track record of success in achieving quota as a sellerExperience selling and the ability to hold business conversations with clients around Solution selling Good selling business acumen, business technologies experienceSolutions oriented mindset and skilled in prospecting into new clients and new buyersUnderstanding of Cloud technologies and/or selling of cloud platformsAbility to train, mentor, and coach individuals at various stages of developmentAbility to work in a fast-paced, self-directed entrepreneurial environmentProminent organizational, presentation and time management skillsAbility to learn and apply product knowledge in a timely fashionAbility to travel up to 50% annually Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise Prior experience in the selling of Data or AI productsExperience selling cloud products 3+ in a Digital sales organization, business processes and supporting technology is highly desired3+ years Client relationship sales experience3+ years of knowledge around IBM strategic solutions and related processesExperience selling to C-Suite About Business UnitIBM has a global presence, operating in more than 175 countries with a broad-based geographic distribution of revenue. The company’s Global Markets organization is a strategic sales business unit that manages IBM’s global footprint, working closely with dedicated country-based operating units to serve clients locally. These country teams have client relationship managers who lead integrated teams of consultants, solution specialists and delivery professionals to enable clients’ growth and innovation. By complementing local expertise with global experience and digital capabilities, IBM builds deep and broad-based client relationships. This local management focus fosters speed in supporting clients, addressing new markets and making investments in emerging opportunities. Additionally, the Global Markets organization serves clients with expertise in their industry as well as through the products and services that IBM and partners supply. IBM is also expanding its reach to new and existing clients through digital marketplaces.  Your Life @ IBMAre you craving to learn more? Prepared to solve some of the world's most unique challenges? And ready to shape the future for millions of people? If so, then it's time to join us, express your individuality, unleash your curiosity and discover new possibilities.  Every IBMer, and potential ones like yourself, has a voice, carves their own path, and uses their expertise to help co-create and add to our story. Together, we have the power to make meaningful change – to alter the fabric of our clients, of society and IBM itself, to create a truly positive impact and make the world work better for everyone.  It's time to define your career.  About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve business, society and the human condition, bringing the power of an open hybrid cloud and AI strategy to life for our clients and partners around the world.Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are not only one of the largest corporate organizations in the world, we’re also one of the biggest technology and consulting employers, with many of the Fortune 50 companies relying on the IBM Cloud to run their business. At IBM, we pride ourselves on being an early adopter of artificial intelligence, quantum computing and blockchain. Now it’s time for you to join us on our journey to being a responsible technology innovator and a force for good in the world.  Location StatementIBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to:   12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19.World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals.Well-being programs to support mental and physical health.Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.).Select educational reimbursement opportunities.Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe.Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities.Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences. This position is eligible for participation in an IBM sales incentive plan. Actual incentive opportunity will be based on performance and the eligible Target Incentive, as addressed in the applicable plan, all of which is subject to change.   We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law.  IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship.  Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status."
383,383,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=bc4739e280648acb&fccid=aaf3b433897ea465&vjs=3,"Quantitative Research - Wholesale Credit Model Development - Associate About Quantitative Research Quantitative Research (QR) is an expert quantitative modeling group in J.P. Morgan, as well as a leader in financial engineering, data analytics, statistical modeling and portfolio management. As a global team, QR partners with traders, marketers and risk managers across all products and regions, contributes to sales and client interaction, product innovation, valuation and risk management, inventory and portfolio optimization, electronic trading and market making, and appropriate financial risk controls. Opportunity We are looking for a researcher to join our team in Plano, Texas. The Wholesale Credit QR team's mission is to develop and maintain sophisticated mathematical models, cutting-edge methodologies and infrastructure to calculate, forecast and analyze various risk parameters used by risk managers and regulators. We also work closely with the finance teams of the various businesses to develop forecasts and other quantitative models. In addition, we are providing on job training, intensive internal classroom training, and online courses, all given by our experienced quants. Through the diversity of the businesses it supports and the variety of functions that it is responsible for, Quantitative Research group provides unique growth opportunities for you to develop your abilities and your career. We make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental and physical health needs or particular family considerations. If you are passionate, curious and ready to make an impact, we are looking for you. Your Impact You'll contribute to the firm's product innovation, effective risk management, financial risk controls. Specially, you'll have the chance to:  Develop mathematical models to calculate probability of default (PD), loss given default (LGD) and exposure at default (EAD); Support the business by explaining model behavior, identifying major sources of risk in portfolios, carrying out scenario analyses, developing and delivering quantitative tools, and researching for new ideas; Assess the appropriateness of quantitative models and their limitations, identifying and monitoring the associated model risk; Implement risk measurement, valuation models or algorithmic trading modules in software and systems; Design and develop software frameworks for analytics and their delivery to systems and applications.  About You  You demonstrate quantitative and problem-solving skills as well as research skills; You understand advanced mathematics arising in financial modeling, specifically in statistics and econometrics You have excellent practical data analytics skills on real data sets gained through hands-on experience, including familiarity with methods for working with large data and tools for data analysis You demonstrate experience applying statistical and/or machine learning techniques in the financial industry You are familiar with tools and methods of exploratory data analysis, visualization and modeling in Python e.g., pandas, scipy, sklearn, Jupyter You bring computer programming experience such as development in Python and R You demonstrate proficiency in code design and architecture, with primary focus on Python; You quickly grasp business concepts outside immediate area of expertise and adapt to rapidly changing business needs; Your excellent communication skills, both verbal and written, can engage and influence partners and stakeholders; You are good at communicating concepts and ideas, also via documentation, and you are keen to defend their validity and tailor messages to different audiences;  Desirables  Advanced degree (PhD, MSc or equivalent) in Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science, Economics etc. Relevant academic research publications a plus; Knowledge of fundamental concepts in statistics and regression analysis; Knowledge of risk models in finance and regulations like Basel, CECL and CCAR; Orientation towards careful system and solution design and implementation; Experience in writing technical documentation or communicating complex mathematical solutions to a non-technical audience;  Beyond that, we're interested in the things that make you unique: personal qualities, outside interests and achievements beyond academia and profession that demonstrate the kind of person you are and the differences you could bring to the team. About Us JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans About the Team The Corporate & Investment Bank is a global leader across investment banking, wholesale payments, markets and securities services. The world's most important corporations, governments and institutions entrust us with their business in more than 100 countries. We provide strategic advice, raise capital, manage risk and extend liquidity in markets around the world. Clients turn to our industry-leading Markets, Sales and Research team to offer clients unique market insights on sectors and companies, and actionable ideas using research to make well-informed investment decisions. Teams understand products across asset classes and help clients structure solutions that manage risk, enhance yield and solve complex financial problems.JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans"
384,384,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=391ae0eac1d113c9&fccid=c68f858ef73a0c44&vjs=3,"Who We Are: For over 25 years, Getty Images has embraced disruption and change; riding the digital wave to evolve from a fragmented, analog stock photo business into a multi-billion dollar, global e-commerce industry leader and trusted brand. The breadth and quality of our content has always allowed our customers and partners to tell their stories with greater creativity and accuracy, eliciting more emotion and enabling more action.  Help us move the world with images! Getty Images is the most trusted and esteemed source of visual content in the world available through its industry-leading sites www.gettyimages.com and www.istock.com. The Getty Images website serves creative, business and media customers in almost 200 countries and is the first-place people turn to discover, purchase and share powerful content from the world's best photographers and videographers.  Getty Images works with over 360,000 contributors and image partners to provide comprehensive coverage of more than 160,000 news, sport and entertainment events, impactful creative imagery to communicate any commercial concept and the world's deepest digital archive of historic photography. With over 435 million assets, of which over 310 million are digitized, encompassing the latest global news, sports, celebrity, music and fashion coverage; exclusive conceptual creative images; and the world’s largest commercial archive. New content is added daily, with 8-10 million new assets added each quarter.  Getty Images offers the most exclusive and unique creative and editorial visual content globally. The breadth and quality of our content allows our customers and partners to tell their stories with greater creativity and accuracy, thereby eliciting more emotion and enabling more action. Getty Images moves the world —whether the goal is commercial or philanthropic, revenue-generating or society-changing, market-disrupting or headline-driving. Getty Images offers the highest quality and most diverse visual content, based on industry-leading expertise and innovation. Role: Data Scientist – Search Term: 6 month contract We are looking for a Data Scientist with expertise in ranking algorithms (search, recommendations, and/or newsfeeds). Using your machine learning expertise while considering the broader business context, you will build industry-leading recommendations in visual search. This position will have a direct impact on the search and browse paths for millions of customers and drive key conversion metrics.  You will have access to a growing, rich dataset of the most trusted, esteemed, and diverse visual content in the world with over 250 million award-winning images and videos encompassing the latest global news coverage from red carpet events to football stadiums to conflict zones; outstanding conceptual creative images; and the world’s largest commercial archive. With a global presence, our search interaction data comes from over 50 million outstanding visitors a quarter from almost every country in the world.   Your Next Challenge: Research and build machine learning algorithms for search ranking, leveraging our images, metadata, and/or customer interactions to significantly improve our customer’s image/video discovery experiences. Develop and implement online and offline testing and validation methodologies Partner closely with other data scientists, data engineers, machine learning engineers, and search engineers to implement and deploy models in production Collaborate closely with product, engineering, design/research, and data science leaders Recommend changes to our search ranking strategy presented in a clear manner to team members and leadership Share your expertise by mentoring others on the team We’d Love to Hear From You If You Have: Proven experience building and validating search, personalization, recommendation, and/or newsfeed algorithms for customer-facing products A minimum of 2 years validated experience An understanding of the real-world advantages and drawbacks of various algorithms and the ability to measure success Ability to handle ambiguity, priorities, and competing objectives. Experience solving highly technical problems Hands-on experience with accessing data, Python, machine learning libraries, and deep learning libraries (ex: scikit-learn, numpy, pandas, scipy, TensorFlow, SQL, hive, spark, etc.). Ability to write clean, understandable code that follows leading industry standards and practices and is well-documented, and to build easily reproducible models An ability to consider biases that exist in the data and develop solutions to mitigate biases appropriately Outstanding communication skills. Strong communication skills at all levels, including sophisticated technical solutions to non-experts Open listener, ability to be open to many diverse voices and perspectives You are clear, credible, and forward-thinking Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: A Ph.D. or MS in Computer Science, Statistics, Data Science, Mathematics, Economics, Sociology, Natural Sciences, or any other equivalent quantitative field is preferred This is a temporary, contract role with an expected duration of 5 to 6 months Leadership Principles As a company, we're committed to living these Principles every day. Here's how we support our mission to be the best place to work globally. We are trustworthy, transparent, and honest We love character, authenticity, and integrity. We always raise the bar Excellence is our norm; we get better through endeavor, curiosity, and speed. We collectively bring solutions We love debate, but collaborating to solve problems for ourselves and our customers is everyone’s responsibility. We care, are kind, courteous, and respectful We will not tolerate rudeness. We reject biased behaviour and discrimination We seek to understand biases in all forms. We call out biases and discrimination when observed and take action where responsible. We are inclusive of different voices, perspectives, and experience Diversity and inclusion are never done, but we are passionate in their pursuit. We are one Getty Images with no silos We share goals and accountability; we and actively seek information and expertise; we make time for our peers. We deliver on our commitments, and commercial goals With one voice and shared accountability. We put the customer at the heart of everything we do We listen to, anticipate, and exceed customer needs, adapting as they evolve. We celebrate our inclusive work environment and welcome members of all backgrounds and perspectives. Women, gender-nonbinary, people of color, LGBTQIA+ people and people with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Getty Images is committed to providing Reasonable Accommodations and will work with you to meet your needs. If you are a person with a disability and require assistance to search for a job opening or to submit an online application, please email RecruitingAccommodations@gettyimages.com. Visit Getty Images at www.gettyimages.com to learn more about how the company is advancing the unique role of still and moving imagery in communication and business, and enabling creative ideas to come to life.  For company news and announcements, visit our Press Room, and for the stories and inspiration behind our content, visit Stories & Trends.  Find Getty Images on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn, Pinterest and Tumblr, or download the Getty Images app where you can explore, save and share the world's best imagery.  Getty Images is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. Getty Images believes that diversity is critical to our success in moving the world with images and is committed to creating an inclusive, mutually respectful environment which celebrates diversity. We seek to hire on the basis of merit, competence, performance, and business needs."
385,385,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=2ea1a2778f4578f6&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"We Are: As part of our Data & AI, you will lead technology innovation for our clients through robust delivery of world-class solutions. You will build better software better! There will never be a typical day and that’s why people love it here. The opportunities to make a difference within exciting client initiatives are unlimited in the ever-changing technology landscape. You will be part of a highly collaborative and growing network of technology and data experts, who are taking on today’s biggest, most complex business challenges using the latest data and analytics technologies. We will nurture your talent in an inclusive culture that values diversity. You will have an opportunity to work in roles such as Data Scientist, Data Engineer, or Chief Data Officer covering all aspects of Data including Data Management, Data Governance, Data Intelligence, Knowledge Graphs, and IoT. Come grow your career in Technology at Accenture! You Are: A Business Intelligence pro with a talent for blending creativity, critical thinking, and strategy to help clients visualize their data. You build and deliver solutions that collect, transform, analyze, and report data, and you provide key knowledge and value at different levels—strategic and tactical as well as operational. You’re in your element in a team setting where you can use your formidable creative and analytical powers to crush problems. Communication and people skills You have both in spades, along with strong leadership chops. Working in an information systems environment makes you more than happy. The Work: Answer client’s business questions by dissecting their data, using measurement techniques, drafting KPIs, and building reports and dashboards.Collaborate with clients and team members on data visualizations using tools such as Tableau, Qlik, IBM Cognos, Plotly, and Kibana, per clients’ needs.Generate requirements for application designs while pinpointing the best type of visualization to meet your client’s needs.Build and test functional prototypes for BI, data discovery, and analytics solutions.Run data and dashboard quality assurance throughout the design phase in collaboration with your team.Build dashboard automation processes and pull together and deliver presentations based on your findings.Work together with IT Architects, BI analysts, database developers, application developers, and functional practitioners, as well as with clients/partners.  What You Need: Minimum of 2 years of combined data, analytics and strategic consulting experience Minimum of 2 years of analytical delivery platform implementation experience Minimum of 2 years of experience one or more of the following areas: Minimum of two years of experience one or more of the following areas: Business Translator (identifying business problem, initiative, analytics intervention, data scientist management, data science interpretation, storytelling) Analytics led Performance models (spanning multi-functions with direct/ indirect causality, used to inform strategic and operational planning and decision making) Data & Analytics Transformation (current state assessment, strategy development, value case, roadmap, and blueprint) Process Automation, Machine Learning, and Artificial Intelligence practices (knowledge of how advancing digital tools and techniques are applied in enterprise data and analytics strategies and roadmaps) A Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent work experience (12 years) or an Associate’s Degree with 6 years of work experience Bonus points if you have: Experience with any cloud (AWS, Azure, GCP) is a strong plus Create a value chain to help address the challenges of acquiring data, evaluating its value, distilling & analyzing. Lead data modeling activities to capture and model data requirements, business rules, and logical and physical models Examine data from multiple sources, and share insights which provide competitive advantage We will not accept external applications from applicants located in Colorado, unless the role can only be performed in Colorado. As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $61,600 - $114,499 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
386,386,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=77df4a029ce8cafe&fccid=d2841a5c0380b93d&vjs=3,"Data Scientist   Position Description  This position is responsible for business consulting activities for the Data Strategy and Analytics teams within our client organizations to monitor and assist in improving their analytics ecosystem. We need someone with creative problem-solving skills to work on our client's business opportunities. Our Data Scientist will work to understand high-value opportunities and identify/build potential solutions, which often involve discovering new insights by transforming data into intuitive & interactive visualizations or applications  Your future duties and responsibilities Build, train, test and deploy ML models, Computer vision models, Natural language processing modelsCan do feature engineering, unstructured data processing, annotationsServe as an expert in translating complex data into key strategy insights and valuable actionsDiscover business narratives told by the data and present them to other scientists, business stakeholders, and managers at various levelsPerform data exploration and data miningCreate business intelligence, dashboards, visualizations, and/or other advanced analytics reports to adequately tell the business narrative and offer recommendations that are practiced, actionable, and have a material impact, in addition to being well-supported by analytical models and data. Required qualifications to be successful in this role Work experience in addition to a degree: 3 - 5 years of data science/engineering-related activities with overall 10+ years' experience.Graduation from a four-year college or university with a degree in statistics, physics, mathematics, engineering, computer science, or management of information systems.Expert knowledge of Python or R; Expert knowledge in PySpark, PyTorch, TensorFlow, , dockerWorking knowledge of statistics, programming, and predictive modeling.Working knowledge of code writingBig Data/Kafka/NoSQL and experience with large datasets  Desired:  Doctorate in Computer science, Engineering, Physics or Statistics  Build your career with us.  It is an extraordinary time to be in business. As digital transformation continues to accelerate, CGI is at the center of this change-supporting our clients' digital journeys and offering our professionals exciting career opportunities.   At CGI, our success comes from the talent and commitment of our professionals. As one team, we share the challenges and rewards that come from growing our company, which reinforces our culture of ownership. All of our professionals benefit from the value we collectively create.  Be part of building one of the largest independent technology and business services firms in the world.  Learn more about CGI at www.cgi.com .  No unsolicited agency referrals please."
390,390,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=0dec283daa9dad48&fccid=372688670c2370a2&vjs=3,"Description SHIFT: No Weekends SCHEDULE: Full-time Division Director Data Science The North Texas Division (NTX) is responsible for the development and implementation of Clinical Quality Programs as well as the expansion of processes and performance related to Clinical Data Management (CDM) strategy. Data Science is a new function within NTX focusing on utilizing our data resources to improve clinical and operating performance. The leadership team is focused on identifying such opportunities and working with the wider organization to operationalize them. The role of the data scientist is to use mathematics, programming, big data management and visualization to discover opportunities and insights arising from HCA data systems. This role is firmly customer facing, with an expectation of constant contact, communication and iteration with both clinical and business customers to define questions, explore solutions and present results. As such the data scientist must be comfortable and capable of clearly communicating the nature and results of complex analytics to non-technical users in written, spoken and visual means. Ensure a standardized and consistent approach relating to CDM participation and implementation in all phases of the data science life cycle. Influences, persuades, or convinces others to achieve meaningful discussions regarding data outputs and feedback on usage activities to improve CDM output. Can extract data from primary sources as well as external sources. Evebtually considered expert in HCA data architecture. Applies expert analytics and technical interpretation to provide highly creative solutions. Understanding of the operational and software aspects of data science. Develop deeper expertise in working with clinical, operational, and financial data. Participate in team code writing, reviews and testing. Works on unique and complex problems. Consults across functional and departmental lines.  On the technical front the data scientist must be comfortable with 'data wrangling'. That is, the ability to identify, and extract raw data from primary transactions systems such as databases. Thereafter they must possess skills in programming to manage, transform and integrate with other datasets, in preparation for analytics. Typically this is performed with scripting languages. The analytic skills required are based principally in machine learning and statistics. The data scientist must have a working knowledge of regression and classification techniques such as logistic regression, boosting, SVM and neural networks. Moreover, the data scientist must understand the scientific process of hypothesis generation and testing, in particular data oriented discovery methodologies such as cross validation. Typically, these functions are performed in a mathematical environment such as R, MATLAB or SAS, proficiency with which is assumed. Medical City Healthcare is one of the region’s largest, most comprehensive health care providers in the Dallas-Fort Worth area and includes 14 hospitals, 8 off-campus emergency rooms, 11 ambulatory surgery centers, more than 4,400 active physicians and 17,000 employees and 3,424 licensed patient beds. As part of HCA (NYSE: HCA), we lead the industry in putting patients first. Our physicians, staff and hospital leaders are committed to offering patients and their families hope and healing through quality care and advanced technology. To that end, we work every day to ensure an environment where our physicians provide strength, expertise and experience, and our partners are entrusted to act with absolute integrity. Medical City Healthcare is committed to providing excellent care that is convenient and accessible. Our focus on patient safety and quality is grounded in evidence-based medicine and is delivering better outcomes for our patients every day. As part of our continuous quality improvements, Medical City Healthcare benchmarks our rankings in emergency department wait times, door-to-balloon times and key service line indicators as reported by CMS. We offer an excellent total compensation package, including competitive salary, comprehensive benefits and growth opportunities. Our benefits include 401k, PTO, medical, dental, flex spending, life, disability, tuition reimbursement, employee discount program and employee stock purchase program. We would love to talk to you about this fantastic opportunity. Qualifications Education and Experience:  Master’s degree Required  PhD Preferred  5+ years of experience Required  Healthcare expereince Preferred  Notice Our Company’s recruiters are here to help unlock the next possibility within your career and we take your candidate experience very seriously. During the recruitment process, no recruiter or employee will request financial or personal information (Social Security Number, credit card or bank information, etc.) from you via email. The recruiters will not email you from a public webmail client like Gmail or Yahoo Mail. If you feel suspicious of a job posting or job-related email, let us know by clicking here.  For questions about your job application or this site please contact HCAhrAnswers at 1-844-422-5627 option 1."
393,393,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=7a6955dcdd4f381a&fccid=331ee4ee7383c9eb&vjs=3,"Blue Yonder Title: Data Science Engineer/Consultant – Supply Chain Planning (MFG and/or Retail)   Other comparable titles: Data Scientist, Data Analyst, Data Engineer, Machine Learning Scientist, Machine Learning Engineer Overview Blue Yonder is a leading SaaS and AI-driven Global Supply Chain Solutions software product company , and a Glassdoor “Best Places to Work” employer. We are seeking multiple Data Science Engineers / Data Science Consultants to join the Delivery Services team where your core focus is to ensure customers realize value from their Blue Yonder Supply Chain Planning solutions for customers across the Americas region . We currently have opportunities in both our Retail Planning and Manufacturing Planning practices. Scope In this role, you will design best-in-class solutions using a suite of products, such as Luminate Demand Edge , Luminate Store Fulfillment as well as being on the leading edge with our latest product innovations. The Data Science Consultant provides services that maximize the value of the customer’s business through data-driven insights and enhanced decision support. This role will be responsible for advising the customer and recommending software configuration alternatives and implementing the software that is configured to optimize the solution so that the customer may realize the maximum value from the software. Our current technical environment: Azure Exasol/Oracle Python What You’ll Do:  Provide analytical services as part of a team conducting proofs-of-concept and identifying opportunities to create customer value Perform data analysis to discover patterns, trends and anomalies in customer data, translate the results into actionable insights, and present results and recommendations to support customers in improving their data quality Extract and present data stories from customer data sets to demonstrate value of solution and guide the customer in their priorities Build, configure and train models to support overall project objectives, and run simulations and what-if analyses to evaluate alternative scenarios Support the successful delivery of the solution to the customer by making recommendations and providing quantitative evidence of the project’s results In addition to working with customers on initial deployments, the Data Science Consultant will participate in ongoing operate tasks and continue helping customers drive ongoing value from the solution Work as part of a highly motivated, interdisciplinary, and agile team What we are looking for: Graduate degree in Operations Research, Statistics, or a related quantitative field, is preferred, Bachelor’s degree with 2-4 years of experience working on AI/ML projects is acceptable in lieu of a graduate degree Demonstrated experience of programming in Python, for data analytics, data visualization and machine learning applications Ability to elicit customers’ knowledge, both explicit and tacit, about business objectives, strategic concerns, and policies related to the scope and success of the project Able to translate complex data into business insights and opportunities to create value LI-AD1 Our Values  If you want to know the heart of a company, take a look at their values. Ours unite us. They are what drive our success – and the success of our customers. Does your heart beat like ours? Find out here: Core Values Check out Blue Yonder's blog - Supply Chain Nation - the platform for supply chain trends and innovations. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status."
394,394,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ca7098b1b8ca1e98&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"We are: Applied Intelligence, the people who love using data to tell a story. We’re also the world’s largest team of data scientists, data engineers, and experts in machine learning and AI. A great day for us Solving big problems using the latest tech, serious brain power, and deep knowledge of just about every industry. We believe a mix of data, analytics, automation, and responsible AI can do almost anything—spark digital metamorphoses, widen the range of what humans can do, and breathe life into smart products and services. Want to join our crew of sharp analytical minds Visit us here to find out more about Applied Intelligence. You are: A data pro with serious analytical and statistical chops. You know how to take massive amounts of data and find the insights our clients need to help their companies do more. The work: Use statistics, data mining, Machine Learning, and deep learning techniques to deliver data-driven insights for our clients Apply data science methodologies to deliver insights to clients Work with Accenture teams and clients to understand their challenges and create solutions Facilitate the development of “request for proposals” responses and contract development Be a thought leader for your team on projects and about leading technologies Stay on top of AI trends  Here’s what you need: At least 3 years’ working in data science using statistics At least 2 years’ developing Machine Learning methods At least 2 years’ experience with techniques like clustering, regression, and optimization At least 2 years’ working with data science tools like Python, R, Scala, Julia, or SAS Bachelor's degree in Data Science, Engineering, Technical Science or equivalent (minimum 12 years) work experience Bonus points if: You have a Master’s degree in statistics, econometrics, mathematics, or statistics Data science is your passion and you’re creative and forward thinking Experience with unsupervised learning methodologies You know your way around cloud services like AWS, Google and Azure and big data tools like Hadoop, Hive and Spark You have know-how in AI, machine learning, data science, and other related areas Your consulting experience matches your analytical chops Possess a blend of advanced analytical capabilities and consulting expertise that will create value and insights for our clients Ability to work across industries and with cross-functional organizations Travel For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only.  Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts. Important information As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is 84,300 -$125,999 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
396,396,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=55ce4c7c792e0491&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3," Advanced experience in Apache Hadoop, Apache Spark, Apache Hive, and Presto Advanced experience in DynamoDB or NoSQL technologies like MongoDB or Cassandra Advanced experience with System Administration with Linux (RHEL/CentOS) including Microsoft Active Directory, and LDAP integration. Experience with troubleshooting Kerberos Authentication problems. Experience with Network troubleshooting. Basic understanding of Machine Learning and statistics Experience with Java and Python and shell scripting Bachelor’s degree in Information Science / Information Technology, Data Science, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, or a related field OR equivalent experience in a technical position OR equivalent military experience 3+ years of professional experience  Amazon Web Services is the market leader and technology forerunner in the Cloud business. As a member of the AWS Support team you will be at the forefront of this transformational technology, assisting a global list of companies and developers that are taking advantage of a growing set of services and features to run their mission-critical applications. As a Cloud Support Engineer, you will act as the ‘Cloud Ambassador’ across all the cloud products, arming our customers with required tools & tactics to get the most out of their Product and Support investment.  Would you like to use the latest cloud computing technologies? Do you have an interest in helping customers understand application architectures and integration approaches? Are you familiar with best practices for applications, servers and networks? Do you want to be part of a customer facing technology team helping to ensure the success of Amazon Web Services (AWS) as a leading technology organization?  If you fit the description, you might be the person we are looking for! We are a group of smart people, passionate about cloud computing, and believe that world class support is critical to customer success.  WHAT CAN YOU EXPECT FROM A LIFE AT AWS?  Every day will bring new and exciting challenges on the job while you:   Learn and use groundbreaking technologies. Apply advanced troubleshooting techniques to provide unique solutions to our customers' individual needs. Interact with leading engineers around the world. Partner with Amazon Web Services teams to help reproduce and resolve customer issues. Leverage your extensive customer support experience to provide feedback to internal AWS teams on how to improve our services. Drive customer communication during critical events. Drive projects that improve support-related processes and our customers’ technical support experience. Write tutorials, how-to videos, and other technical articles for the developer community. Work on critical, highly complex customer problems that may span multiple AWS services.  WHY AWS SUPPORT?   First and foremost this is a customer support role – in The Cloud. On a typical day, a Support Engineer will be primarily responsible for solving customer’s cases through a variety of customer contact channels which include telephone, email, and web/live chat. You will apply advanced troubleshooting techniques to provide tailored solutions for our customers and drive customer interactions by thoughtfully working with customers to dive deep into the root cause of an issue. Apart from working on a broad spectrum of technical issues, an AWS Support Engineer may also coach/mentor new hires, develop & present training, partner with development teams on complex issues or contact deflection initiatives, participate in new hiring, write tools/script to help the team, or work with leadership on process improvement and strategic initiatives. Career development: We promote advancement opportunities across the organization to help you meet your career goals. Training: We have training programs to help you develop the skills required to be successful in your role.  We hire smart people who are keen to build a career with AWS, so we are more interested in the areas that you do know instead of those you haven’t been exposed to yet.  Support engineers interested in travel have presented training or participated in focused summits across our sites or at specific AWS events. As we operate on a follow-the-sun model, with Premium Support sites located globally, working hours and days are based on customer demand and may include weekends (on a rotational basis).  The Big Data role supports our services that leverage data and produce business insights, which may include using Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence (ML/AI). Helping our customers use and integrate Big Data services in what is arguably our industry’s most exciting space. The portfolio of services covers EMR (Hadoop), DynamoDB (NoSQL), MangoDB, and Apache Cassandra.   Expert experience in the Hadoop Ecosystem including Apache Spark and Presto Expert experience in NoSQL Expert experience with blockchain technologies like Etherium Expert experience in data Data Lake architecture and administration Experience managing full application stacks from the OS up through custom applications Prior work experience with AWS - any or all of EC2, VPC, S3, RDS, EMR, Glue, SageMaker Excellent knowledge of Hadoop architecture, administration and support Expert understanding of distributed computing principles and their application in the cloud Good understanding of distributed computing environments Lead technical discussions on big data systems architecture and design Strong analysis and troubleshooting skills and experience AWS Certified Solutions Architect AWS certified Big Data Specialty Master’s degree in Information Science / Information Technology, Data Science, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, or a related field OR equivalent experience in a technical position  Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."
397,397,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8a1458748beef40a&fccid=2df6a1e69a70a1e7&vjs=3,"Role: Big Data Tech Lead  Cognizant (NASDAQ: CTSH) is a leading provider of information technology, consulting, and business process outsourcing services, dedicated to helping the world's leading companies build stronger businesses. Headquartered in Teaneck, New Jersey (U.S.). Cognizant is a member of the NASDAQ-100, the S&P 500, the Forbes Global 1000, and the Fortune 500 and we are among the top performing and fastest growing companies in the world.   Please note, this role is not able to offer visa transfer or sponsorship now or in the future*  Practice - AIA - Artificial Intelligence and Analytics  About AI & Analytics: Artificial intelligence (AI) and the data it collects and analyzes will soon sit at the core of all intelligent, human-centric businesses. By decoding customer needs, preferences, and behaviors, our clients can understand exactly what services, products, and experiences their consumers need. Within AI & Analytics, we work to design the future—a future in which trial-and-error business decisions have been replaced by informed choices and data-supported strategies.  By applying AI and data science, we help leading companies to prototype, refine, validate, and scale their AI and analytics products and delivery models. Cognizant’s AIA practice takes insights that are buried in data, and provides businesses a clear way to transform how they source, interpret and consume their information. Our clients need flexible data structures and a streamlined data architecture that quickly turns data resources into informative, meaningful intelligence.  Responsibilities:  Analyze complex business and technical problems related to the implementation of new technology and/or the customization of existing technologies. Implement Data Governance standards in Big Data space. Partner with other technology teams to work with business executives and end users to conceptualize new application projects, recommend technologies and implementation strategies. Then architect/design for requirements of the project within financial and timeline guidelines. Understand the changing business needs of the organization/projects and recommend viable strategies for the future. Author and/or Review architecture/design and other technical documents ensuring high quality deliverables and systems development across tech stacks and applications teams  Skills / experience required: 10+ years of IT experience  Automotive Domain Experience  Good Communication & Leadership skills  Understanding of Data Architecture concepts in Big Data ecosystem (MUST).  Understanding of Enterprise Architecture concepts in AWS ecosystem(MUST).  Hands-on experience in Scala, Spark, Databricks, Talend  AWS  Cognizant is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V. Cognizant is committed to ensuring that all current and prospective associates are afforded equal opportunities and treatment and a work environment free of harassment.  Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.  #LI-AV1 #CB  Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Aug 04 2021  About Cognizant Cognizant (Nasdaq-100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant is ranked 194 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us @USJobsCognizant.  Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service. Cognizant is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you have a disability that requires a reasonable accommodation to search for a job opening or submit an application, please email CareersNA2@cognizant.com with your request and contact information."
398,398,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=3a806982833c9502&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3," Bachelor’s degree in a highly quantitative field (Computer Science, Machine Learning, Operational Research, Statistics, Mathematics, etc.) or equivalent professional or military experience Experience with ML fields, e.g., natural language processing, computer vision, statistical learning theory 4+ years of industry experience in predictive modeling, data science, and analysis Experience in an ML engineer or data scientist role building and deploying ML models or hands on experience developing deep learning models Experience writing code in Python, R, Scala, Java, C++ with documentation for reproducibility Experience handling terabyte size datasets, diving into data to discover hidden patterns, using data visualization tools, writing SQL, and working with GPUs to develop models Experience writing and speaking about technical concepts to business, technical, and lay audiences and giving data-driven presentations  Want to help the largest global enterprises derive business value through the adoption of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML)? Excited by using massive amounts of disparate data to develop ML models? Eager to learn to apply ML to a diverse array of enterprise use cases? Thrilled to be a part of Amazon who has been pioneering and shaping the world’s AI/ML technology for decades?  At Amazon Web Services (AWS), we are helping large enterprises build ML models on the AWS Cloud. We are applying predictive technology to large volumes of data and against a wide spectrum of problems. AWS Professional Services works together with AWS customers to address their business needs using AI solutions.  AWS Professional Services is a unique consulting team. We pride ourselves on being customer obsessed and highly focused on the AI enablement of our customers. If you have experience with AI, including building ML models, we’d like to have you join our team. You will get to work with an innovative company, with great teammates, and have a lot of fun helping our customers. A successful candidate will be a person who enjoys diving deep into data, doing analysis, discovering root causes, and designing long-term solutions.  Inclusive Team Culture Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have thirteen employee-led affinity groups, reaching 85,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 16 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.  Work/Life Balance Our team puts a high value on work-life harmony. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here. We are a customer-obsessed organization—leaders start with the customer and work backwards. They work vigorously to earn and keep customer trust. As such, this is a customer facing role in a hybrid delivery model. Project engagements include remote delivery methods and onsite engagement that will include travel to customer locations as needed.  Mentorship & Career Growth Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded professional and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.  This is a customer-facing role and you will be required to travel to client locations and deliver professional services as needed.  Major responsibilities include:  Assist customers by being able to deliver a ML project from beginning to end, including understanding the business need, aggregating data, exploring data, building & validating predictive models, and deploying completed models with concept-drift monitoring and retraining to deliver business impact to the organization Use AWS AI services (e.g., Personalize), ML platforms (SageMaker), and frameworks (e.g., MXNet, TensorFlow, PyTorch, SparkML, scikit-learn) to help our customers build ML models Research and implement novel ML approaches, including hardware optimizations on platforms such as AWS Inferentia Work with our other Professional Services consultants (Big Data, IoT, HPC) to analyze, extract, normalize, and label relevant data, and with our Professional Services engineers to operationalize customers’ models after they are prototyped Master’s degree of PhD in a highly quantitative field (Computer Science, Machine Learning, Operational Research, Statistics, Mathematics, etc.) Ability to develop strategic, baselined, data modeling processes; ability to accurately determine cause-and-effect relationships. Publications or presentations in recognized ML journals or conferences Deep technical skills, consulting experience, and business savvy to interface with all levels and disciplines within our customers’ organization Demonstrable track record of dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment  Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."
402,402,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a2f9aae9df00bc8e&fccid=03e5fef1f1c1b85d&vjs=3,"Businesses Raytheon Intelligence & Space Clearance type TS/SCI - Current Relocation eligible Yes Ability to Telecommute No telecommuting Job ID 179621BR Most Recent Date Posted 05/03/2021 City Richardson State TX Country United States Raytheon Intelligence and Space, located in Richardson, Texas (Cityline) is looking for a candidate to join our world-class engineering team as an ArtificialIntelligence/Machine Language (AI/ML) Software Engineer II. As a candidate for this opportunity you should have a good foundation in Java and extensive experience working in a LINUX or UNIX environment. The candidate should have a demonstrable understanding of software principles, theories, and concepts related to software engineering (including software development lifecycle and software development process), design patterns and Object Oriented analysis, design, and programming. The candidate must also be able to work from within the Raytheon Technologies facility in Richardson, TX.  Clearance Requirement: The selected candidate must have an active TS/SCI clearance.  This position is eligible for a sign on bonus of up to $7,500 for a candidate with a current TS/SCI that can be verified and hired at RIS.  Job responsibilities include: Interpret requirements into software architecture and designDesign, develop and code software sufficient to meet the requirements of one or more components or systemsPerform integration, test and documentation duties to ensure proper operation of hardware and software platformsIntegrate a wide variety of applications from various sources; integrate and ensure they meet performance standards for stability and resource utilizationAdhere to accepted standards and processes for development, including writing unit tests which provide a high percentage of code overage; participating in code peer reviews, conducting design reviews, and generating test plans to ensure maximum stability and quality of code The department has the following expectations of its team members: An empathic focus on user needsUsing excellent interpersonal and soft skills in solving user problemsA dedication to learning and mastering new technologies, resources, and methodsA commitment to excellent user experiences  Required Skills:  A minimum of 2 years’ experience developing complex software solutions in Java in a LINUX or UNIX environmentEffective verbal and written communicationExperience using source control instruments associated with defect/issue toolsExperience and understanding of traditional and Agile/SAFe/DevOps implementation methods and the metrics relatedAn Excellent Mathematics background (e.g., practical experience on engineering programs, a major or minor in Mathematics, practical experience with applied statistics)Excellent Problem-solving skills, especially being able to determine the right tools for a problem at hand (whether that be the language, the data store, the approach to machine learning algorithms employing supervised vs. unsupervised learning techniques, etc.)Experience with non-traditional data storage technologies (e.g., Cassandra, ElasticSearch, Solr, MongoDB, Graph stores, MinIO for block storage)Experience with pub-sub/messaging libraries, specifically Kafka and Nifi (or companion implementations) for high performance streaming, but also an understanding of the more traditional JMS implementations (ActiveMQ, RabbitMQ, ZeroMQ, HornetQ, etc.) in lieu of Kafka or NifiActive/Current TS/SCI security clearance  Desired Skills:  Knowledge of Python (specifically Python 3, but even understanding the syntax of Python for use with concepts in libraries like TensorFlow)Experience with TensorFlowExperience with writing ETL (Extract, Transform, and Load) codeExperience with high speed computing performance (more than working bugs from static analysis tools like Klocwork or SonarQube)Excellent Design skills (e.g., understanding aspects of design and architecture relative to Kappa vs Lambda architectures)Versatility in SW engineering skills and ability to take on various assignmentsGeometry skills that will address geospatial work, in generalExperience developing and deploying distributed cloud-based applicationsExperience with SpringExperience using continuous integration tools such as Hudson/Jenkins or Cruise ControlExperience with automated testing, build automation and dependency management toolsExperience using task management tools such as JIRA AgileExperience coding applications interfacing with Postgres and Mongo databasesExperience using a Software Development IDE such as Eclipse or IntelliJ  Education Requirements:  Bachelor’s degree in STEM required, Master’s degree in STEM desired179621  Raytheon Technologies is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class."
403,403,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=609d5f1876e1bc39&fccid=16a97ed26c75bf2d&vjs=3,"MORE ABOUT THIS JOB:  Consumer and Wealth Management (CWM) Across Consumer and Wealth Management (CWM), Goldman Sachs helps empower clients and customers around the world to reach their financial goals. Our advisor-led wealth management businesses provide financial planning, investment management, banking, and comprehensive advice to a wide range of clients, including ultra-high net worth and high net worth individuals, as well as family offices, foundations and endowments, and corporations and their employees. Our consumer business provides digital solutions for consumers to better spend, borrow, invest, and save. Across CWM, our growth is driven by a relentless focus on our people, our clients, and leading-edge technology, data, and design. Consumer (MARCUS BY GOLDMAN SACHS) The firm’s Consumer business, Marcus by Goldman Sachs, combines the entrepreneurial spirit of a startup with more than 150 years of experience. Today, we serve millions of customers across multiple products including lending, deposits, financial tools, and our partnership with Apple on Apple Card. We use innovative design, data, engineering, and other core capabilities to provide customers with powerful tools and products that are grounded in value, transparency, and simplicity. As we build a leading digital consumer bank and expand into new products and partnerships, we are looking for leaders and individual contributors to join our team. You will be part of the data science function for Marcus cards business and the Marcus App that caters to end to end customer life cycle. This would include but is not limited to transaction data processing and understanding, customer behavior analysis, customer segmentation, and marketing targeting. RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS:  Responsibilities As part of the data science function for Marcus cards business and the Marcus App, one should be at the forefront of a data-driven initiative to optimize decision making and improve customer experience. This role entails: Good understanding of predictive models and data science techniques Research and experiment with natural language processing (NLP) and machine learning (ML) algorithms and techniques Manages projects from end to end design, development, and implementation Build up and validate prototypes for NLP and ML problems Develop effective, maintainable code in a timely fashion Implement an automated unit/integration testing system to validate defect-free code Conduct code reviews to ensure adherence to established coding and architectural standards Using version control to collaboratively develop software Ability to communicate complex analytical ideas effectively Qualifications Master’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Statistics, Engineering or a related field Strong knowledge of data structures and algorithms Strong data analytical skills, problem-solving and technical skills Demonstrated proficiency in developing NLP / ML systems using large data sets Experience with ML techniques such as classification, clustering, recommendation, etc. Proficient with SQL and experience with one or more DB query clients (e.g., Postgre, MySQL) Solid experience in Python or Java Ability to collaborate in a team environment, communicate effectively & influence others Proactive, flexible, and ability to multi-task Ability to learn quickly and adapt to projects and deadlines Strong communication, presentation, and problem-solving skills Preferred Qualifications Experience in analyzing credit card transaction data Experience in information extraction, information retrieval, question answering, or related NLP fields Experience with deep learning models Experience with big data tools (e.g., Hadoop, Spark) D.’s Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Statistics, Engineering or a related field ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS:  ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS At Goldman Sachs, we commit our people, capital and ideas to help our clients, shareholders and the communities we serve to grow. Founded in 1869, we are a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm. Headquartered in New York, we maintain offices around the world.   We believe who you are makes you better at what you do. We're committed to fostering and advancing diversity and inclusion in our own workplace and beyond by ensuring every individual within our firm has a number of opportunities to grow professionally and personally, from our training and development opportunities and firmwide networks to benefits, wellness and personal finance offerings and mindfulness programs. Learn more about our culture, benefits, and people at GS.com/careers.   We’re committed to finding reasonable accommodations for candidates with special needs or disabilities during our recruiting process. Learn more: https://www.goldmansachs.com/careers/footer/disability-statement.html © The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2021. All rights reserved. Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity"
408,408,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1e4adc084f66b4b8&fccid=be1aa6ddb857c46a&vjs=3,"ABOUT US Bestow is the leading digital platform for life insurance. As both a direct-to-consumer destination and an infrastructure provider, Bestow is on a mission to make life insurance accessible to millions of underserved families. We ideate fast, embrace change, and take risks. As a rapidly growing tech startup, we look for the best talent out there and try to stay out of their way. From scaling our business model to expanding our offerings, the day-to-day at Bestow offers endless professional growth opportunities. The people who succeed here look for problems and solutions. They are both passionate about their ideas and open to having their mind changed. In the end, we value the same things our customers do: family. So we strive for work-life balance and believe happy employees make for better experiences and happier customers. It’s a model that helped us land the #2 spot on Forbes’ Best Startup Employers 2021 list. Boom! Bestow is seeking a Director of Data Science for our growing organization to lead our Data Science team. As a director, you will be responsible for three key areas: First and most important is the engagement and development of the managers and individual contributors on your team. You will ensure that they are set up for success and allowed to grow as individuals and their careers.Second, you will ensure your teams are staffed and organized to deliver quality data products predictably. You will help set business context and frame the purpose for your teams’ work.Finally, as a senior member of the engineering management team, you will identify and lead initiatives across the engineering organization. Learn More About Us Why AI makes life insurance decisions at this company Bestow to Acquire Centurion Life Insurance Company Bestow Lands $70M Series C To Expand Life Insurance Product Open to Austin, TX, Dallas, TX or Remote (US) #LI-Remote   Your Day to Day: Work effectively with cross-functional partners and stakeholders to set and achieve optimal outcomes Passionate about solving technical and leadership challenges, organizing teams to deliver, and running an efficient process for produce high quality, high confidence deliverables Enjoy managing the team with multiple projects and balancing various needs and priorities Develop the data science roadmap for your team with input from underwriters, engineering, and product management You are passionate about building and mentoring high performing engineering teams Be an internal advocate for data science and look for opportunities where the application of data science and ML can be demonstrably advantageous or solves existing challenges Self-motivated and capable of working through ambiguity Measure the impact of your team and set clear expectations and goals Recruit and grow your teams with high-performing engineering talent that complements our engineering values; helps make Bestow a world-class engineering brand.   A Little About You: 5+ years of engineering management experience, including as an indirect manger 10+ years of data science experience Bachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering, or equivalent self-study Proven track record of leading high performing teams, attracting and developing technical talent Well versed in modern SDLC methodologies such as Scrum and Kanban and aligned to the agile principles Excellent written and verbal communication skills and ability to communicate across all levels of the organization to technical and non-technical audiences Experience managing geographically distributed teams Actively communicate roadblocks or significant delays in estimated delivery Familiar with a variety of data science, machine learning, and artificial intelligence technologies History of success in delivering technology change, project execution, and delivery Exceptional troubleshooting skills and the ability to quickly assess complex technical issues Experienced with start-ups and maturing solutions for customer growth US Citizen or Permanent Resident (Bestow does not sponsor applicants for work visas at this time) Total Rewards Competitive salary plus stock options Generous PTO Flexible schedule and work/life balance 100% company-paid health, dental, and vision insurance Office snacks and weekly team lunches Team building events and activities We value diversity at Bestow. We hire, recruit, and promote without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, pregnancy or maternity, veteran status, or any other status protected by applicable law. We understand the importance of creating a safe and comfortable work environment and encourage individualism and authenticity in every member of our team. Bestow does not sponsor applicants for work visas at this time."
410,410,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=13c21b64752aa127&fccid=d124dbfd3785b597&vjs=3,"At the core of the Un-Carrier’s successful disruption of the wireless industry is a nationwide 5G network, award-winning customer service, and a multifaceted group of software developers. T-Mobile’s Product & Technology (P&T) organization is looking for experienced software engineers at all levels of experience to join our development community. Be part of the Un-carrier Revolution and build the solutions helping to give T-Mobile customers the best customer experience in the industry while enjoying competitive salary and benefits!  Our development practices are founded on open teamwork and collaboration between customers and development teams, with an emphasis on community. Our newest software products are built using modern dev languages, runtimes, and frameworks such as Java, JavaScript / TypeScript, Golang, and Python (and the willingness and ability to learn the others given the opportunity). We're modernizing our architectures to replace Java monoliths with resilient microservices, elegant APIs, and beautiful front ends. Some opportunities include the newest technology shaping our world, including IoT, machine learning, and augmented reality. Most importantly, P&T empowers software teams with the tools, resources, and autonomy they need to deliver amazing experiences for our customers and other employees.   The Sr Engineer - Machine Learning, supporting the conversational AI product team, will envision, build and operate sales and service experiences powered by natural language processing. This is an exciting opportunity to build with a vertically stacked product team, including product, experience design and engineering, within one of the most exciting emerging technologies - NLP and applied ML. Required Skills: 5+ years’ Application Development experience Experience with one or more of the following: Python, Java, JavaScript / TypeScript, Golang, and Python (and the willingness and ability to learn the others given the opportunity). Ability to learn or existing familiarity with Git-based source code management systems (UI and/or CLI); Runtimes and UI frameworks including NodeJS, React, and/or Angular; Containerization (Docker); Microservices architecture, RESTFUL APIs, and GraphQL; Cloud providers (AWS, Azure, GCP) and PaaS (PCF – Cloud Foundry) Ability to complete a pair programming session with a senior developer as a guide and mentor  Familiarity with: Git-based source code management systems (UI and/or CLI) Runtimes and UI frameworks including NodeJS, React, and/or Angular Infrastructure as Code and Containerization (Docker) Microservices architecture, RESTFUL APIs, and GraphQL Cloud providers (AWS, Azure, GCP) and PaaS (PCF – Cloud Foundry) Test Automation and Deployment Automation Ability to complete a collaborative pair programming session in an interview setting with a senior T-Mobile developer.  Education: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field, or equivalent education and work experience required Completion of a coding bootcamp or certification program (or equivalent proven coding skill)  Travel requirements: May require up to 10% of domestic overnight travel within the region, and occasional trips to the Bellevue Headquarters. LI-MS1 As a Sr Engineer, Software - Machine Learning in the ETS organization, you’ll have the opportunity to: Apply your experience creating or consuming real-time, natural language processing, classification, or forecasting AI models Package AI models into APIs that can run effectively at great scale Further grow your understanding of the data science lifecycle - exploration, model building, and deployment Deepen your understanding of machine learning and deep learning, and continually prototype and experiment with new technologies Design and craft reliable and performant software products and features in a variety of popular software languages including Java, JavaScript, Golang, or Python. Build data persistence solutions for software products, with the chance to work with and learn multiple data stores (including Postgres, Mongo, Redis, Cassandra) as well as event streaming platforms (including RabbitMQ, Kafka, SQS). Help the team continue to embrace modern practices such as test-driven development, pair programming, automation, async communication, and more as the industry evolves! Implement design skills using common patterns for building reliable n-tier architectures. Sharpen your skills by getting hands on with team at all levels of the stack — and all parts of the process. Go broad AND deep: work on front-ends and back-ends, automate tests and infrastructure, build CI/CD pipelines. Not just write code, but with your team, have the opportunity to lead in the delivery of code into production. We Take Equal Opportunity Seriously - By Choice. T-Mobile USA, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All decisions concerning the employment relationship will be made without regard to age, race, ethnicity, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, the presence of any physical or mental disability, or any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. Discrimination or harassment based upon any of these factors is wholly inconsistent with our Company values and will not be tolerated. Furthermore, such discrimination or harassment may violate federal, state, or local law."
411,411,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=fb9d36350d7b39be&fccid=05fac7ab69452ba3&vjs=3," Very competitive compensationGenerous Paid Time Off (5 weeks PTO your first year!)4 days (one day/quarter) of Volunteer Time Off (VTO)We offer a comprehensive medical, dental and Wellness Program12 weeks paid parental leaveAn infrastructure that allows flexible working arrangementsFormal and informal reward, recognition and acknowledgement programsLots of fun and employee development events"
412,412,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=71bd95229effb8e0&fccid=684e6a45ec99d64b&vjs=3,"Zippin is looking for a Senior ML Engineer for our Product & Engineering team. We are seeking a passionate Machine Learning (ML) Engineer, with strong backgrounds in developing and deploying state-of-the-art models in the computer vision space on cloud as well as edge devices. You will participate in the complete cycle of building machine learning models from conceptualization of idea, data preparation, feature selection, training, evaluation and productionisation. On a typical day, you might build data pipelines or develop a new machine learning algorithm or train a new model or deploy the trained model on the cloud. You will have a high degree of autonomy, ownership and influence over your work, machine learning organizations evolution and the direction of the company. This position can be remote in US, India, or in Ontario, Canada. Responsibilities & Duties Implementing, training, and optimizing models developed by our ML Science team Developing high-performance, scalable, and maintainable inference services that communicate with the rest of our tech stack Working with Infra teams to build data collection pipelines, manage data QA, and develop code for data visualization and data cleansing to build robust datasets Turning unfamiliar research code into bulletproof, production-ready software Working with edge hardware to test and tune the latency and performance of our services Building pipelines for continuous model improvement Qualifications & Skills Experience with computer vision; experience developing and deploying deep learning algorithms; you’ve previously deployed machine learning models on scalable systems Strong grasp of statistical machine learning, linear algebra, and deep learning for computer vision Excellent C++11/14/17 and Python skills; familiarity with TensorFlow Ability to rapidly learn and work with unfamiliar code Understanding of CI/CD patterns and best practices Ability to write well-tested code Highly flexible and capable of working across the stack Great communication skills Selling Points You love the idea of joining a fast growing series-A startup. You are proactive about solving problems and take initiative to build tools that will help everyone in the company. You love to thoughtfully help a team member or a customer in need. There's never been a more exciting time in retail. Frictionless experiences are being demanded by shoppers who are tired of waiting in line and want to zip in and out of their favorite stores. Retailers want to understand their customers on a much deeper level in order to anticipate exactly what the shopper needs, and provide the highest level of service. The Zippin platform-as-a-service provides a checkout-free solution for all kinds of stores, transportation hubs, sports arenas, business and university dining locations, and any other physical retail space. Shoppers are able to walk in the store, pick up what they want, and then leave. We use machine learning, computer vision, and sensor fusion to automatically charge shoppers when they walk out—a paradigm shift in the shopper experience, with no lines. Zippin was founded in the San Francisco Bay Area, and has a remote-first philosophy with teammates geographically distributed across the United States, Canada, and India.. Zippin was founded by industry veterans from Amazon, SRI, and VMware, and raised over $15M in venture funding from Evolv, NTT Docomo, SAP, and Maven Ventures to support our ambitious growth goals during our Series A. We’re continuing that growth, and accelerating into the future, currently fundraising for our Series B. Working at Zippin Our Vision To become the operating system for the store of the future. Our Mission Our mission is to save shoppers time, improve their in-store experience and increase brand loyalty, while making retailers more profitable. Our Values Zippin is a values-based organization. We have a culture shaped by a clear set of ground rules establishing a framework and principles for decision-making, behaviors and a sense of community. Innovation - We have an ambitious vision, and any change, especially the zealous kind, requires big ideas.Integrity - We trust each other, and that trust is the foundation on which our relationships both internally and externally are built.Continuous Improvement - We see everything as improvable, and work at finding ways to do so, and enjoy moving toward our goals.Accountability - Our teammates have intrinsic enjoyment in taking ownership and delivering on what they say they will.Customer Focus - We care the most about what benefits our customers and partners. Zippin is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We're committed to fair hiring practices and a welcoming working environment. All candidates are considered for employment without regard to race, religion, ethnicity, age, gender, sexual identity or expression, medical condition, or socioeconomic status. We value our differences and we're excited to learn what you can add to our team. #LI-Remote"
413,413,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ba2fff952349dfc1&fccid=9784ae78e9834539&vjs=3," A business data analyst (BDA) leads and partners on business initiatives that rely on data and analytics. The BDA is responsible for providing analytical partnership for aligned functional group, clearly communicating insights to senior leaders and collaborating cross data teams to drive broader data improvements. This includes identifying insights-based business opportunities, partnering on initiative design, overseeing initiative execution, and tracking business outcome. They apply business acumen and analytical skills to provide direction at each phase of varied business initiatives they support."
415,415,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5e973bb79e97c181&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3," 5+ years of experience in analytics platform implementation or operations experience with a deep understanding of database and analytics technologies including MPP, Relational, and NOSQL databases 3+ years of experience with software development languages like Java, Python, Scala Experience working with RESTful API and general service oriented architectures Implementation and tuning experience in the Apache Hadoop Ecosystem including Hadoop Streaming, Spark, Pig, and Hive Implementation and tuning experience of Data Warehousing platforms including knowledge of Data Warehouse Schema Design, Query Tuning and Optimization, and Data Migration and Integration Experience with analytics presentation layer including Dashboards, Reporting, and OLAP Cloud computing experience  Would you like to be part of a team that is redefining the IT industry? Amazon Web Services (AWS) is leading the next paradigm shift in computing and is looking for a world class candidate for the role of Partner Solution Architect - Data, Analytics, and Machine Learning within our Global Systems Integrators (GSI) Channels & Alliances business function.  This is an ideal role for someone who has experience working for a global systems integrator, a large IT consulting firm, or a Fortune 1000 company. In this role, you will develop the technical capabilities of our Global System Integrators (GSIs) so they can be successful in the cloud. Working with these large partners is a team effort that will require influence and coordination with many stakeholders to collaborate on solutions in Big Data, Analytics, and Machine Learning (ML). These engagements will focus on Real Time and Batch-based big data processing, data and ML strategy, business intelligence, and visualizations. If you are a problem solver with data & analytics technical skills and growing knowledge of how machine learning compliments the data, you will enjoy this role.  In this technical role, you will architect enterprise-grade AWS solutions, own the technical relationship and deliverables for a GSI on large enterprise transformational customer opportunities, develop and execute multi-day workshops, lead white boarding sessions, author white papers and blog posts, and respond to complex technical inquiries including RFPs. You will partner with ProServe, Sales, Business Development, and the Data, Analytics & ML Service teams to enable the partner’s Data, Analytics and ML services adoption. The ability to think strategically about business, product, and technical challenges in an enterprise environment, understand Agile methodologies, and have the ability to apply these practices to Data, Analytics & ML projects will be key in this role.  Key Responsibilities:  Design customer solutions using AWS products and services such as Elastic Map Reduce (EMR), Redshift, Kinesis, Lambda, Data Pipeline, S3, DynamoDB, and the Relational Database Service (RDS) Understand machine learning on AWS including Apache MxNet and TensorFlow, Machine Learning Platforms such as Amazon SageMaker for data scientists, and API-driven Services like Amazon Lex, Amazon Polly, Amazon Transcribe, Amazon Comprehend, and Amazon Rekognition to quickly add intelligence components to applications Help manage and drive joint Strategic Deals between the partner and AWS Build a set of best practices around how data, analytics, & ML fit into our largest deals and replicate across geographies Thought Leadership – Evangelize AWS Data, Analytics, & ML services to share best practices through forums such as AWS Big Data or ML blogs, whitepapers and reference architectures, as well as public-speaking events such as AWS Summits, AWS re: Invent, etc Act as a technical liaison between customers and the Data, Analytics, & ML services engineering teams to provide customer driven product improvement feedback Serve as a key member of the business development and account management team in helping to ensure customer success in building and migrating applications, software, and services on AWS Provide the architectural guidance and recommendations necessary to promote successful partner engagements Assist GSIs in building offerings and technical strategies that will enable them to build and sell their offering on the AWS platform Coach and train GSIs on an ongoing basis to adopt AWS innovations for Data, Analytics & ML workloads  Work/Life Balance  Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.  Mentorship & Career Growth  Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded professional and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.  Inclusive and Diverse Culture  Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have twelve employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.  Position may be located near any Amazon regional office within the United States. Relocation assistance offered from within the US. Up to 50% travel (Post COVID-19 Travel Restrictions).   Executive speaking and presentation skills to include formal presentations, white boarding, and large and small group presentations Professional experience architecting/operating solutions built on AWS Experience with Machine and Deep Learning toolkits such as MXNet, TensorFlow, Caffe, and PyTorch Experience with AWS services related to AI/ML particularly Amazon EMR, AWS Lambda, Machine Learning, IoT, Amazon DynamoDB, Amazon S3, Amazon EC2 Container Service, Greengrass, etc Experience working with/for Global Systems Integrators (GSIs) AWS certifications; AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate Level, AWS Certified Big Data – Specialty, AWS Certified Machine Learning - Specialty, etc Customer relationship management experience and collaboration skills  Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.  Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.  Pursuant to the Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment-qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.  The pay range for this position in Colorado is $122,300 - $160,000, annually; however, base pay offered may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. A sign-on bonus and restricted stock units may be provided as part of the compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits, dependent on the position offered. This information is provided per the Colorado Equal Pay Act. Base pay information is based on market location. Applicants should apply via Amazon's internal or external careers site."
416,416,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ba2fff952349dfc1&fccid=9784ae78e9834539&vjs=3," A business data analyst (BDA) leads and partners on business initiatives that rely on data and analytics. The BDA is responsible for providing analytical partnership for aligned functional group, clearly communicating insights to senior leaders and collaborating cross data teams to drive broader data improvements. This includes identifying insights-based business opportunities, partnering on initiative design, overseeing initiative execution, and tracking business outcome. They apply business acumen and analytical skills to provide direction at each phase of varied business initiatives they support."
417,417,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=2ea1a2778f4578f6&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"We Are: As part of our Data & AI, you will lead technology innovation for our clients through robust delivery of world-class solutions. You will build better software better! There will never be a typical day and that’s why people love it here. The opportunities to make a difference within exciting client initiatives are unlimited in the ever-changing technology landscape. You will be part of a highly collaborative and growing network of technology and data experts, who are taking on today’s biggest, most complex business challenges using the latest data and analytics technologies. We will nurture your talent in an inclusive culture that values diversity. You will have an opportunity to work in roles such as Data Scientist, Data Engineer, or Chief Data Officer covering all aspects of Data including Data Management, Data Governance, Data Intelligence, Knowledge Graphs, and IoT. Come grow your career in Technology at Accenture! You Are: A Business Intelligence pro with a talent for blending creativity, critical thinking, and strategy to help clients visualize their data. You build and deliver solutions that collect, transform, analyze, and report data, and you provide key knowledge and value at different levels—strategic and tactical as well as operational. You’re in your element in a team setting where you can use your formidable creative and analytical powers to crush problems. Communication and people skills You have both in spades, along with strong leadership chops. Working in an information systems environment makes you more than happy. The Work: Answer client’s business questions by dissecting their data, using measurement techniques, drafting KPIs, and building reports and dashboards.Collaborate with clients and team members on data visualizations using tools such as Tableau, Qlik, IBM Cognos, Plotly, and Kibana, per clients’ needs.Generate requirements for application designs while pinpointing the best type of visualization to meet your client’s needs.Build and test functional prototypes for BI, data discovery, and analytics solutions.Run data and dashboard quality assurance throughout the design phase in collaboration with your team.Build dashboard automation processes and pull together and deliver presentations based on your findings.Work together with IT Architects, BI analysts, database developers, application developers, and functional practitioners, as well as with clients/partners.  What You Need: Minimum of 2 years of combined data, analytics and strategic consulting experience Minimum of 2 years of analytical delivery platform implementation experience Minimum of 2 years of experience one or more of the following areas: Minimum of two years of experience one or more of the following areas: Business Translator (identifying business problem, initiative, analytics intervention, data scientist management, data science interpretation, storytelling) Analytics led Performance models (spanning multi-functions with direct/ indirect causality, used to inform strategic and operational planning and decision making) Data & Analytics Transformation (current state assessment, strategy development, value case, roadmap, and blueprint) Process Automation, Machine Learning, and Artificial Intelligence practices (knowledge of how advancing digital tools and techniques are applied in enterprise data and analytics strategies and roadmaps) A Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent work experience (12 years) or an Associate’s Degree with 6 years of work experience Bonus points if you have: Experience with any cloud (AWS, Azure, GCP) is a strong plus Create a value chain to help address the challenges of acquiring data, evaluating its value, distilling & analyzing. Lead data modeling activities to capture and model data requirements, business rules, and logical and physical models Examine data from multiple sources, and share insights which provide competitive advantage We will not accept external applications from applicants located in Colorado, unless the role can only be performed in Colorado. As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $61,600 - $114,499 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
418,418,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=16ed5b96e1f11d52&fccid=16a97ed26c75bf2d&vjs=3,"MORE ABOUT THIS JOB:  What We Do At Goldman Sachs, our Engineers don’t just make things – we make things possible. Change the world by connecting people and capital with ideas. Solve the most challenging and pressing engineering problems for our clients. Join our engineering teams that build massively scalable software and systems, architect low latency infrastructure solutions, proactively guard against cyber threats, and leverage machine learning alongside financial engineering to continuously turn data into action. Create new businesses, transform finance, and explore a world of opportunity at the speed of markets. Engineering, which is comprised of our Technology Division and global strategists groups, is at the critical center of our business, and our dynamic environment requires innovative strategic thinking and immediate, real solutions. Want to push the limit of digital possibilities? Start here. Who We Look For Goldman Sachs Engineers are innovators and problem-solvers, building solutions in risk management, big data, mobile and more. We look for creative collaborators who evolve, adapt to change and thrive in a fast-paced global environment. We are looking for a candidate to join the Investment Banking M&A Engineering team in Dallas. Our team members are financial engineers, software engineers, and data scientists who share a passion for investment banking and the financial markets. The position involves solving business, data, and technology-related problems using large and complex financial datasets, and working in tandem with Investment Bankers. The role requires a combination of the following competencies: an understanding of the financial markets, strong communication skills, data and statistical analysis including machine learning, and software engineering. A successful candidate will apply their financial and technical knowledge to developing tools and analysis to help identify opportunities within the M&A landscape. The candidate will also apply quantitative and analytical methods to advising clients and building financing and risk management solutions across products and industries. RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS: Bachelor’s or advanced degree in a quantitative discipline Minimum 2 years of experience in developing data analytics, data science and/or software engineering 2+ years of experience in finance, preferably in an investment banking context Strong quantitative/analytical reasoning and problem-solving abilities Strong technical and computer programming skills Prior implementation experience of enterprise-level data and software platforms Strong oral and written communicator, and ability to summarize complex issues and situations concisely and clearly Strong team player and ability to work with diverse stakeholders and colleagues Results-oriented work ethic based upon responsibility, enthusiasm, and pride in work ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS: At Goldman Sachs, we commit our people, capital and ideas to help our clients, shareholders and the communities we serve to grow. Founded in 1869, we are a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm. Headquartered in New York, we maintain offices around the world.   We believe who you are makes you better at what you do. We're committed to fostering and advancing diversity and inclusion in our own workplace and beyond by ensuring every individual within our firm has a number of opportunities to grow professionally and personally, from our training and development opportunities and firmwide networks to benefits, wellness and personal finance offerings and mindfulness programs. Learn more about our culture, benefits, and people at GS.com/careers.   We’re committed to finding reasonable accommodations for candidates with special needs or disabilities during our recruiting process. Learn more: https://www.goldmansachs.com/careers/footer/disability-statement.html © The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2021. All rights reserved. Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity"
420,420,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=fb9d36350d7b39be&fccid=05fac7ab69452ba3&vjs=3," Very competitive compensationGenerous Paid Time Off (5 weeks PTO your first year!)4 days (one day/quarter) of Volunteer Time Off (VTO)We offer a comprehensive medical, dental and Wellness Program12 weeks paid parental leaveAn infrastructure that allows flexible working arrangementsFormal and informal reward, recognition and acknowledgement programsLots of fun and employee development events"
422,422,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=0a4b8a95c75e9f81&fccid=7a11eee3ff8b533d&vjs=3,"COMPANY OVERVIEW For over a century, Neiman Marcus Group has served the unique needs of our discerning customers by staying true to the principles of our founders: to be the premier omni-channel retailer of luxury and fashion merchandise dedicated to providing superior service and a distinctive shopping experience in our stores and on our websites. Neiman Marcus Group is comprised of the Specialty Retail Stores division, which includes Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman. Our portfolio of brands offers the finest luxury and fashion apparel, accessories, jewelry, beauty, and home décor. The Company operates more than 40 Neiman Marcus full-line stores in the most affluent markets across the United States, including U.S. gateway cities that draw an international clientele. In addition, we operate 2 Bergdorf Goodman stores in landmark locations on Fifth Avenue in New York City. We also operate 5 Last Call by Neiman Marcus off-price stores that cater to a value oriented, yet fashion minded customer. Our upscale eCommerce and direct-to-consumer division includes NeimanMarcus.com, BergdorfGoodman.com Horchow.com and LastCall.com. Every day each of our 13,000 NMG associates work towards the goal of enabling our customers to shop any of our brands ""anytime, anywhere, and on any device."" Whether the merchandise we sell, the customer service we offer, or our investments in technology, everything we do is to enhance the customer experience across all channels and brands. Job Summary A Principal Data Scientist in Neiman Marcus Group (NMG) deepens customers’ relationship, enhances customers’ magical luxury shopping experience, and increases luxury customers’ CLVs by applying algorithms. The Principal Data Scientist performs statistical and econometric analysis, AI/ML modeling, and numerical optimization. The Principal Data Scientist solves use cases related to personalization, customer engagement, marketing promotions, merchandise planning, supply chain, pricing, and cost. This position will lead data science needs across all Neiman Marcus Group brands, divisions and selling channels. Job Duties The position will report to the Senior Director of Data Science Collaborate with cross-organization to ideate and prioritize use cases, business problems, and user stories that can enhance customers experience and increase NMG ROI. Lead data science projects independently while collaborating with team members and multi-organizational stakeholders. Develops statistical, econometric, AI/ML, and optimization models for personalization, customer engagement, marketing science, retail analytics, business analytics, and supply-chain analytics using big data in cloud environment to improve customer satisfaction and promote growth. Leverage state-of-the-art data science tools, methodologies, and algorithms to drive improved decisions Collaborate in the development and implementation of predictive models, segmentation strategies, optimization algorithms, and data mining analyses with a targeted result of increasing revenue. Research, innovate, and design algorithms and techniques to contribute in optimization and automation. Continuously learn new skills The Principal Data Scientist will mentor and train data scientists. The Principal Data Scientist leads multiple large projects independently May be allowed to work from home or from remote location in the USA  Qualifications  Job Requirements At least a quant-based graduate degree such as Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Math, Statistics, Physics, Economics, or other related fields from a reputed university with course work that includes analytics, coding, statistics, math, and algorithm development. Ph.D. is Preferred Strong in Math, Statistic, Finance, and Econometric Expert Level skills in at least three of the followings: a) graph/network theory, b) personalized recommendation engine, c) statistical modeling and linear/non-linear optimization theory, d) machine learning and neural Network 5+ years of hands on experience in Data Science. Experience in working in retail space will be a plus. Strong coding skills in Python, Spark, and SQL Strong in neural network (Keras, Tensorflow), and machine learning (Python scikit-learn, Spark MLib) Experience in working on Spark, AWS SageMaker, S3, and SnowFlake is a plus Experience with full lifecycle agile and experimental design methods. Experience in processing and performing multi-faceted analysis with on-line browsing, sales transaction, product, and inventory data. Exceptional standards for quality and strong attention to detail Ability to manage multiple projects and on-demand business requests simultaneously Able to work in a fast-paced agile team with team members from diverse areas such as marketing, creative, strategy, product, and engineering Able to mentor data scientists and lead large projects.  Primary Location: United States of America-Texas-DALLAS-Irving-Remote Dallas Work Locations: Remote Dallas Neiman Marcus 5950 Colwell Blvd Irving 75039 Job: Information Technology Organization: Corporate Schedule: Full-time Shift: Day Employee Status: Regular Job Type: Standard Job Level: Individual Contributor Travel: No Job Posting: Jun 4, 2021, 3:08:39 PM"
423,423,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=13c21b64752aa127&fccid=d124dbfd3785b597&vjs=3,"At the core of the Un-Carrier’s successful disruption of the wireless industry is a nationwide 5G network, award-winning customer service, and a multifaceted group of software developers. T-Mobile’s Product & Technology (P&T) organization is looking for experienced software engineers at all levels of experience to join our development community. Be part of the Un-carrier Revolution and build the solutions helping to give T-Mobile customers the best customer experience in the industry while enjoying competitive salary and benefits!  Our development practices are founded on open teamwork and collaboration between customers and development teams, with an emphasis on community. Our newest software products are built using modern dev languages, runtimes, and frameworks such as Java, JavaScript / TypeScript, Golang, and Python (and the willingness and ability to learn the others given the opportunity). We're modernizing our architectures to replace Java monoliths with resilient microservices, elegant APIs, and beautiful front ends. Some opportunities include the newest technology shaping our world, including IoT, machine learning, and augmented reality. Most importantly, P&T empowers software teams with the tools, resources, and autonomy they need to deliver amazing experiences for our customers and other employees.   The Sr Engineer - Machine Learning, supporting the conversational AI product team, will envision, build and operate sales and service experiences powered by natural language processing. This is an exciting opportunity to build with a vertically stacked product team, including product, experience design and engineering, within one of the most exciting emerging technologies - NLP and applied ML. Required Skills: 5+ years’ Application Development experience Experience with one or more of the following: Python, Java, JavaScript / TypeScript, Golang, and Python (and the willingness and ability to learn the others given the opportunity). Ability to learn or existing familiarity with Git-based source code management systems (UI and/or CLI); Runtimes and UI frameworks including NodeJS, React, and/or Angular; Containerization (Docker); Microservices architecture, RESTFUL APIs, and GraphQL; Cloud providers (AWS, Azure, GCP) and PaaS (PCF – Cloud Foundry) Ability to complete a pair programming session with a senior developer as a guide and mentor  Familiarity with: Git-based source code management systems (UI and/or CLI) Runtimes and UI frameworks including NodeJS, React, and/or Angular Infrastructure as Code and Containerization (Docker) Microservices architecture, RESTFUL APIs, and GraphQL Cloud providers (AWS, Azure, GCP) and PaaS (PCF – Cloud Foundry) Test Automation and Deployment Automation Ability to complete a collaborative pair programming session in an interview setting with a senior T-Mobile developer.  Education: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field, or equivalent education and work experience required Completion of a coding bootcamp or certification program (or equivalent proven coding skill)  Travel requirements: May require up to 10% of domestic overnight travel within the region, and occasional trips to the Bellevue Headquarters. LI-MS1 As a Sr Engineer, Software - Machine Learning in the ETS organization, you’ll have the opportunity to: Apply your experience creating or consuming real-time, natural language processing, classification, or forecasting AI models Package AI models into APIs that can run effectively at great scale Further grow your understanding of the data science lifecycle - exploration, model building, and deployment Deepen your understanding of machine learning and deep learning, and continually prototype and experiment with new technologies Design and craft reliable and performant software products and features in a variety of popular software languages including Java, JavaScript, Golang, or Python. Build data persistence solutions for software products, with the chance to work with and learn multiple data stores (including Postgres, Mongo, Redis, Cassandra) as well as event streaming platforms (including RabbitMQ, Kafka, SQS). Help the team continue to embrace modern practices such as test-driven development, pair programming, automation, async communication, and more as the industry evolves! Implement design skills using common patterns for building reliable n-tier architectures. Sharpen your skills by getting hands on with team at all levels of the stack — and all parts of the process. Go broad AND deep: work on front-ends and back-ends, automate tests and infrastructure, build CI/CD pipelines. Not just write code, but with your team, have the opportunity to lead in the delivery of code into production. We Take Equal Opportunity Seriously - By Choice. T-Mobile USA, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All decisions concerning the employment relationship will be made without regard to age, race, ethnicity, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, the presence of any physical or mental disability, or any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. Discrimination or harassment based upon any of these factors is wholly inconsistent with our Company values and will not be tolerated. Furthermore, such discrimination or harassment may violate federal, state, or local law."
427,427,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=3ad46a667263edee&fccid=2dc2f35c3405a529&vjs=3,"At Cepheid, we are passionate about improving health care through fast, accurate diagnostic testing. Our mission drives us, every moment of every day, as we develop scalable, groundbreaking solutions to solve the world’s most complex health challenges. Our associates are involved in every stage of molecular diagnostics, from ideation to development and delivery of testing advancements that improve patient outcomes across a range of settings. As a member of our team, you can make an immediate, measurable impact on a global scale, within an environment that fosters career growth and development.  Cepheid is proud to work alongside a community of six fellow Danaher Diagnostics companies. Together, we’re working at the pace of change on diagnostic tools that address the world’s biggest health challenges, driven by knowing that behind every test there is a patient waiting.  Learn about the Danaher Business System which makes everything possible.  The Senior Manager of Global Customer Care Data Analytics is responsible for leading the analytics team and is responsible for delivery of both routine and as needed analysis, data insight and overall customer care data functionality on a global basis. You will also drive the evaluation and deployment of new technology and tools to enable an enhanced customer experience. Artificial intelligence, machine learning and augmented reality are some examples which will be considered in the development of longer-term deployable strategies expected from this role.  This position is part of the Customer Care Global Product Support and Enablement team and can be located remotely anywhere in the United States.  In this role, you will have the opportunity to: Lead an engaged and productive data analytics teams. Own Customer Care data portfolio, from day to day operations support to enhancements to retirement/replacement. Develop and support of ongoing delivery of customer care metrics to the global support organization. As and when required, provide project or improvement updates with expected tracking systems and to appropriate stakeholders and senior leadership. Drive process improvement in global customer care organizations, enablement of a flexible data visualization methods to deliver meaningful information to fulfill needs of KPI, PD and Kaizen. Develop strategies and deployment actions to advance high value opportunities in advanced technology. Evaluate advanced tools and the impact they could have on the support of customers globally. Improving the organizational data analytics access and skill set. Collaborate with Customer Care leaders to build the global and regional customer care data analytics technology, organization and process to support a coherent pan-regional Customer Care Strategy to include self-assisted, and digital experiences. Leverage Danaher Business System (DBS) and other process improvement tools to drive changes in Global Customer Care organization and improve digital customer experience and associate experience  The essential requirements of the job include: Bachelor’s degree in related field with 8+ years related work experience OR Master’s degree in field with 6+ years of related work experience 5+ years of experience multiple analytic modeling and software, proficient in SQL, comfortable with data sources from CRM, ERP (Oracle, SAP, etc). Demonstrated ability to learn and integrate additional analytical platforms into work. Strong knowledge of statistical data evaluation methods, techniques and tools including Powerbi, Powerapps, flow, MS Power platform, Spotfire, Tableau, MS Excel or other equivalent tools Strong continuous process improvement skillset Experience of working in a complex matrix and global business environment 3+ years managing people Tavel of 5-10%  It would be a plus if you also possess previous experience in: Experience working with Salesforce.com, 8x8, SAP and other common Customer Care and Service applications Understand global service and support operations, experience in call center, field service or other customer support functions is preferred Hands on mentality with a strong ability to get into detail as necessary. Strong strategic, innovative and analytical thinking skills, demonstrates exceptional critical thinking and analytical skills Understands how to translate strategy into technical requirements and technical requirements into customer centric solutions Experience in medical device or diagnostic industry is preferred but not required  Cepheid, a Danaher company, offers a broad array of comprehensive, competitive benefit programs that add value to our lives. Whether it’s a health care program or paid time off, our programs contribute to life beyond the job. Check out our benefits at danaherbenefitsinfo.com .  When you join us, you’ll also be joining Danaher’s global organization, where 69,000 people wake up every day determined to help our customers win. As an associate, you’ll try new things, work hard, and advance your skills with guidance from dedicated leaders, all with the support of powerful Danaher Business System tools and the stability of a tested organization.  Danaher is committed to a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone feels they belong and all voices are heard. We believe in our associates and the unique perspectives they bring to every challenge, which is why we’ll empower you to push the boundaries of what’s possible.  If you’ve ever wondered what’s within you, there’s no better time to find out.  #LI-JP1 #LI-REMOTE  When you join us, you’ll also be joining Danaher’s global organization, where 69,000 people wake up every day determined to help our customers win. As an associate, you’ll try new things, work hard, and advance your skills with guidance from dedicated leaders, all with the support of powerful Danaher Business System tools and the stability of a tested organization."
429,429,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a46f5168d303ce98&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3," PhD in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Operational Research, Statistics, Mathematics or a related quantitative field 6+ years of hands-on experience with machine learning models, analysis and applying ML to solve complex problems Experience delivering end-to-end solutions from data acquisition, model development to production integration experience with large-scale applications Skills with Java, C++, or other programming language, as well as with SQL, R, MATLAB, Python or similar scripting language 3+ years of experience in technical leadership roles; technical program management, systems architecture, or system development 3+ years of experience with software development lifecycle from conception to delivery 2+ years of working in an agile software delivery organization, with knowledge of program management best practices  Do you want to be part of an innovative and rapidly growing business? Are you looking for a role with ownership and the ability to work across global teams to launch a product?  AWS’s Worldwide Revenue Operations Segmentation and Planning (WWRO S&P) team provides the data, technology, products, tools, and processes to support the rapidly growing world-wide AWS Sales organization. This includes finding inventive ways to scale the business and drive revenue impacting initiatives which will be critical for AWS to continue its incredible growth.  The WWRO S&P team is looking for Senior Applied Scientist to play a significant part in leading machine learning programs that enable our global Sales to go to market. Sample initiatives could include the improvement of how we classify customers, make territory recommendations, forecast revenue, and more. This Senior Applied Scientist will work hand in hand with product managers and operations teams to identify opportunities to provide intelligence and prediction to planning, goal tracking, segmentation, and resourcing to drive better decision making. You will serve as a tech lead on a team of applied and data scientists.  The Senior Applied Scientist will need to dive deep with the development team to design, train, test, and deploy machine learning models. You will contribute to innovative features, improve our services based on customer requirements and help maintain a highly scalable data and model management infrastructure that supports cutting-edge research. You will be responsible for translating business and engineering requirements into deliverables and software products. This role requires an individual with excellent quantitative modeling skills and the ability to apply statistical/machine learning, econometric, and coding skills.  The successful candidate will have a strong technical background, be highly collaborative, globally minded and have a high level of customer focus. You should be a motivated self-starter that works well with others in a dynamic, ambiguous environment. You should have excellent business, technical, and communication skills to be able to work across countries and markets, dev teams, and with business owners to define and deliver improvements.  Location: Position may be based in Seattle, WA; Boston, MA; Arlington, VA; or Dallas, TX. Amazon will provide relocation assistance from within the US only to these locations.  Applied Scientist Responsibilities:  Use machine learning and analytical techniques to create scalable solutions for business problems Work independently and collaboratively on a team of product managers, data scientists, software engineers, and other cross-functional team members. Analyze and extract relevant information from large amounts of historical business data to identify opportunities to create more accurate outputs or help automate and optimize key processes Design, development and evaluation of highly innovative self-learning machine models. Establish scalable, efficient, automated processes for large scale data analyses, model development, model validation and model implementation Research and implement novel machine learning and statistical approaches Work closely with data & software engineering teams to build model implementations and integrate successful models and algorithms in production systems at an incredibly large scale  About Us  Inclusive Team Culture Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have twelve employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.  Work/Life Balance Our team puts a high value on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We believe striking the right balance between your personal and professional life is critical to life-long happiness and fulfillment. We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.  Mentorship & Career Growth Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. The hiring manager is passionate about supporting the continuous development and growth of the team. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded professional and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future. Internal job description   Experience with AWS services like SageMaker, Amazon Forecast, S3, Glue ETL, or similar tools is a plus, but not required Extensive knowledge and practical experience in several of the following areas: machine learning, statistics, deep learning, NLP, recommendation systems, dialogue systems, information retrieval, forecasting Excellent personal interest in learning, researching, and creating new technologies with high customer impact Excellent communication and data presentation skills. Ability to distill customer requirements into problem definitions, and dealing with ambiguity Experience with defining research and development practices in an applied environment Excellent verbal and written communication and presentation skills, ability to convey rigorous mathematical concepts and considerations to non-experts Experience working with product management on strategy and execution alike Significant peer reviewed scientific contributions in premier journals and conferences, is a plus  Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Benefits overview: https://amazon.jobs/en/internal/landing_pages/benefitsoverview-us"
430,430,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=25771b05a8be5a75&fccid=be293f1def77a963&vjs=3,"What makes Gartner a GREAT fit for you? When you join Gartner, you’ll be part of a team with a no-limits mindset that helps the world become smarter and more connected. We’re the world’s leading research and advisory company that steers clients toward the right decisions with business and technology insights they can’t find anywhere else. Our associates enjoy a collaborative work environment with exceptional training and career development. If you like working with a curious, supportive, high-performing team, Gartner is the place for you. Interested in learning more, view and register for any of our upcoming recruiting events here! About Gartner Digital Markets: Gartner Digital Markets is a business unit within Gartner. Our mission is to help SMBs make the right technology choices and find the tools they need to grow, optimize, and become more effective at what they do. The business is comprised of three top brands—Capterra, Software Advice, and GetApp. For candidates interested in taking their next career step in the technology space, Gartner Digital Markets offers the fast pace and excitement of working for a startup, the stability and resources of a large, established organization, and the opportunity to be on the front lines of innovation in an industry that is always growing and transforming. What we're looking for: You will be responsible for managing one of our most valuable data assets and will work to improve the coverage, quality, and accessibility of web analytics data for customers within Gartner Digital Markets. As a member of the Analytics Operations team, you will work with Product Management, Engineering, Marketing, Data Insights, and other teams to ensure we capture the data required to accurately measure business performance, build data-driven site features, and develop innovative data products for our customers. You will be responsible for the setup, administration, and configuration of web analytics tools and will provide support and training as needed to ensure decentralized access to web analytics data. You will leverage your deep knowledge of analytics tools to assist with reporting and analysis deliverables. You will partner with Google and other vendors as needed to deliver industry-leading analytics solutions. You will cover a broad and evolving set of responsibilities to accomplish your objectives—versatility, adaptability, and self-sufficiency will be critical to success. What you'll bring to the team: BA/BS from a top-tier university Minimum of 4 years of professional work experience Minimum of 2 years of experience with the Google Analytics 360 suite of applications or other analytics tracking tools Experience with web analytics reporting filters, segments, custom metrics and custom dimensions Understanding of best practices and standards for analytics tagging and tracking Experience using browser tools to identify web analytics tagging issues Understanding of how to implement analytics tracking across device and browser versions Comfortable using BigQuery or relational database technology to access web analytics data Experience with importing and exporting data from web analytics and campaign management tools Experience with setup, configuration and integration of 3rd party tracking tags for Google Tag Manager or other tag management tools Comfortable using tag management solutions for page data layer integration and event tracking Knowledge of SQL or similar database scripting languages a plus Exposure to agile development environments a plus Experience with cloud-based data storage systems a plus (Snowflake, Redshift) Data engineering experience a plus Digital business or digital advertising experience a plus Who you are: Data driven and analytical by nature with demonstrable passion for data and analytics Self-sufficient and driven to acquire the skills necessary to accomplish complex tasks Strong interpersonal skills with ability to build relationships and effectively collaborate with partners Excellent organizational and time management skills with ability to juggle multiple priorities Comfortable working independently to achieve successful results with minimal guidance Strong verbal and written communication skills with ability to clearly present complicated analysis Resourceful and resilient with the ability to take a creative approach to problem solving Check out our video to learn about who we are, and what we do: vid.gartner.com/digitalmarkets What We Offer: Limitless growth and learning opportunities. A collaborative and positive culture - join a diverse team of professionals that are as smart and driven as you. A chance to make an impact – Your work will contribute directly to our strategy. Modern approach to work - flexible hours, remote work, and more. Extensive medical, dental, and vision insurance. 20+ PTO days plus holidays and floating holidays in your first year. 401k with corporate match. Health-and-wellness-related allowance programs. Tuition reimbursement. Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Employee Assistance Program. Gartner Gives Charity Match. An inclusive and diverse company culture – We work with and celebrate talented employees from every walk of life and offer Employee Resource Groups (Women, Mosaic, Pride, Veterans) to learn from each other’s different backgrounds. Web:gartner.com/en/digital-markets  Careers:jobs.gartner.com/digital-markets Who We Are: Fortune - World’s Most Admired Companies 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 & 2020 Forbes - America’s Best Employers For Diversity 2020; America's Best Employers 2018 & 2019; Best Management Consulting Firms 2017, 2018 & 2019; America's Best Midsize Employers 2016 & 2017; and Most Innovative Growth Companies 2015 Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index - Best Places to Work for LBGTQ Equality 2018, 2019, 2020 & 2021 WayUp - Top 100 Internship Programs 2019 in USA Explore diversity, inclusion and engagement at Gartner: jobs.gartner.com/inclusion #digitalmarkets Job Requisition ID:56472 By submitting your information and application, you confirm that you have read and agree to the country or regional recruitment notice linked below applicable to your place of residence. Gartner Applicant Privacy Link: https://jobs.gartner.com/applicant-privacy-policy For efficient navigation through the application, please only use the back button within the application, not the back arrow within your browser."
431,431,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a1aea0be90c7f010&fccid=aaf3b433897ea465&vjs=3,"About Quantitative Research Quantitative Research (QR) is an expert quantitative modeling group in J.P. Morgan, as well as a leader in financial engineering, data analytics, statistical modeling and portfolio management. As a global team, QR partners with traders, marketers and risk managers across all products and regions, contributes to sales and client interaction, product innovation, valuation and risk management, inventory and portfolio optimization, electronic trading and market making, and appropriate financial risk controls. Opportunity We are looking for a Quantitative Developer to join our Model Implementation team to work on implementation of models in the firm's new Wholesale Credit Risk Model platform. The Model Implementation team focuses on the design, implementation and support of the firms stress forecasting and reserves models that are used to forecast the firms Wholesale Credit Stress (CCAR, ICAAP, Risk Appetite) and Loan loss reserves (CECL, IFRS9) used for Risk Management. In addition, we are providing on job training, intensive internal classroom training, and online courses, all given by our experienced quants. Through the diversity of the businesses it supports and the variety of functions that it is responsible for, Quantitative Research group provides unique growth opportunities for you to develop your abilities and your career. We make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental and physical health needs or particular family considerations. If you are passionate, curious and ready to make an impact, we are looking for you. Your Impact You will contribute to the implementation of the firm's Wholesale Credit risk forecast models used for risk management and stress testing. Specifically, you will have the chance to  Work on the design, development and implementation of forecast and valuation engines that are used by the business for risk management and stress testing of the firms Wholesale Credit portfolio; Work closely with the modelling team and the business to define, gather and understand model and business requirements; be responsible for advancing the methodology as well as the underlying model frameworks and implementation in the teams Python analytics library; Work with the business to explain the results and resolve issues based on business feedback; be involved in communicating model related information such as risk, performance and results to senior management and business partners; Play a key part with our core frameworks team in advancing the design, and implementation of the firm's next generation stress and risk models platform for Wholesale Credit; Design and develop software that implements risk valuation models and work on their delivery to systems and applications; As part of model implementation work, design efficient numerical algorithms and implement high performance computing solutions; Implement software frameworks and tools that support the development of models, back-testing and any other analytics infrastructure required for model development; Work with technology and the business to support the implementation, release and integration of models into the risk platform.  About You  You demonstrate strong quantitative and problem solving skills as well as software development skills; You have the ability and desire to understand quantitative finance model specifications and translate them into practical solutions and implementation in software; You demonstrate strong proficiency in quantitative programming and code design in Python; coupled with this you place a strong emphasis on functional and numerical testing in your quantitative software development work; You are proficient with tools and methods of exploratory data analysis, visualization and modeling in Python e.g., pandas, scipy, sklearn, Jupyter; You are good at communicating concepts and ideas, also via documentation, and you are keen to defend their validity and tailor messages to different audiences; You're attentive to detail and easily adaptable; You're enthusiastic about knowledge sharing and collaboration  Desirables  Advanced degree (PhD, MSc or equivalent) in Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science, Engineering, etc; Experience with implementing quantitative software in finance; Experience with numerical methods, Monte-Carlo, etc and their application to simulation/models in any field; Experience with Quantitative finance and/or Credit Risk; knowledge of CCAR/Stress, IFRS 9/CECL, Basel III regulatory capital in Wholesale Credit and/or Commercial real estate is a plus; Focused on robust testing practices and test-driven development; Proven ability to develop collaborative relationships with key internal partners to achieve objectives and prioritizations.  Beyond that, we're interested in the things that make you unique: personal qualities, outside interests and achievements beyond academia and profession that demonstrate the kind of person you are and the differences you could bring to the team. About Us  JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans About the Team  The Corporate & Investment Bank is a global leader across investment banking, wholesale payments, markets and securities services. The world's most important corporations, governments and institutions entrust us with their business in more than 100 countries. We provide strategic advice, raise capital, manage risk and extend liquidity in markets around the world. Clients turn to our industry-leading Markets, Sales and Research team to offer clients unique market insights on sectors and companies, and actionable ideas using research to make well-informed investment decisions. Teams understand products across asset classes and help clients structure solutions that manage risk, enhance yield and solve complex financial problems.JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans"
432,432,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=7af2e79e98526dc4&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"Are you ready to step up to the New and take your technology expertise to the next level We are: A leading partner to the world’s major cloud providers, including AWS, Azure, and Google. The formation of Accenture Cloud First, with a $3 billion investment over three years, demonstrates our commitment to deliver greater value to our clients when they need it most. Our Cloud First multi-service group of more than 70,000 cloud professionals delivers a full stack of integrated cloud capabilities across data, edge, integrated infrastructure and applications, deep ecosystem skills, culture of change along with a deep industry expertise to shape, move, build and operate our clients’ businesses in the cloud. To accelerate our customers transformation leveraging cloud, we combine world-class learning and talent development expertise; deep experience in cloud change management; and cloud-ready operating models with a commitment to responsible business by design — with security, data privacy, responsible use of artificial intelligence, sustainability and ethics and compliance built into the fundamental changes Accenture helps companies achieve. As part of our Accenture Google Business Group in Cloud First, you will lead technology innovation for our clients through robust delivery of world-class solutions. You will build better software better! There will never be a typical day and that’s why people love it here. The opportunities to make a difference within exciting client initiatives are unlimited in the ever-changing technology landscape. You will be part of a growing network of technology experts who are highly collaborative taking on today’s biggest, most complex business challenges. We will nurture your talent in an inclusive culture that values diversity. Come grow your career in technology at Accenture! For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts.  Basic Qualification Bachelor's degree or equivalent (minimum 12 years) work experience. If Associate Degree, must have an additional minimum 6 years work experience.Possess Google Professional Data Engineer Certification.Minimum 3 years direct experience in Enterprise Data Warehouse technologiesMinimum 3 years in a customer facing role working with enterprise clientsHands on GCP Cloud data implementation projects experience (Dataflow, Cloud Composer, Big Query, Cloud Storage etc.)Experience with developing software code in one or more languages such as Java, Python and SQL.Experience designing and deploying large scale distributed data processing systems with few technologies such as Oracle, MS SQL Server, MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Cassandra, Redis, Hadoop, Spark, HBase, Netezza, Teradata, Tableau, Qlik or MicroStrategy. Preferred Skills Data migration and data processing experience on the Google Cloud stack, specifically: o BigQuery o Cloud DataFlow o Cloud DataProc o Cloud Storage o Cloud DataPrep o Cloud PubSub o Cloud Composer o Cloud BigTable o DEV Ops o Github  Previous Consulting or client service delivery experience on Google Cloud Platform (GCP).Experience in and understanding of data and information management, especially in Big Data trends.Familiarity with the Technology stack available in the industry for data cataloging, data ingestion, capture, processing and curation: Kafka, StreamSets, Attunity, Collibra, Map Reduce, Hadoop, Spark, Flume, Hive, Impala, SparkSQL Professional Skill Requirement All of our professionals receive comprehensive training covering business acumen, technical and professional skills development. You'll also have opportunities to hone your functional skills and expertise in an area of specialization. We offer a variety of formal and informal training programs at every level to help you acquire and build specialized skills faster. Learning takes place both on the job and through formal training conducted online, in the classroom, or in collaboration with teammates. The sheer variety of work we do, and the experience it offers, provide an unbeatable platform from which to build a career.  Unless expressly indicated, this role is not open in the state of Colorado. As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $43,200 - $114,499 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
433,433,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=fcace276505f3a86&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"Who we are: We are Accenture, a global professional services company and a leading partner to the world’s major cloud providers, including AWS, Azure, and Google. Our longstanding involvement with cloud technology (we have 34,000 completed cloud projects under our belt) was emphasized recently when we consolidated our multiple cloud teams into a single business practice called Accenture Cloud First. The organization is backed by a $3 billion investment over three years. As part of our Data & AI group, you will lead technology innovation for our clients through robust delivery of world-class solutions. There will never be a typical day and that’s why people love it here. The opportunities to make a difference within exciting client initiatives are unlimited in the ever-changing technology landscape. You will be part of a highly collaborative and growing network of technology and data experts, who are taking on today’s biggest, most complex business challenges using the latest data and analytics technologies. We will nurture your talent in an inclusive culture that values diversity. You will have an opportunity to work in roles such as Data Scientist, Data Engineer, or Chief Data Officer covering all aspects of Data including Data Management, Data Governance, Data Intelligence, Knowledge Graphs, and IoT. Come grow your career in Technology at Accenture!  What you need: 10+ years of engineering, technology architecture and delivery experience 10+ years of experience developing the strategy for and building data and analytics solutions 5+ years of experience in leading data strategy engagements involving the architecture of modern data platforms with technologies such as Big Data and Cloud 5+ years of management consulting experience Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience (minimum of 12 years), or an Associate degree with a minimum of 6 years of equivalent work experience. Bonus points if you have: Hands-on engineer with the ability to manage complex engineering projects with a “lean-in” leadership style Can speak with authority on the capabilities, strengths & weaknesses of the leading cloud platforms (Amazon Web Services, Azure, and Google Cloud). Extensive experience with enterprise data architecture for transactional systems, analytical platforms, master data management, data governance framework, data integration and large-scale data migration. Experience in DevOps Experience migrating applications and data to cloud platforms. Experience with relational and non-relational data platforms Experience with machine learning, artificial intelligence applications and Data Science development languages (R, Python, etc.). Understanding of data modeling principles, and Data Warehouse concepts (e.g., Kimball methodology for developing dimensional data models). Familiarity with data visualization and self-service BI/data warehousing/ advanced analytics tools. Methodologies for integration, data security, data governance and data sciences. As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is ($99,900-$168,499) and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
434,434,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=75724616e21029ef&fccid=3ed0572c448b2368&vjs=3,"QUALIFICATIONS • 7+ years of production experience working in Data Science or Software Engineering • 5+ years of production experience in Machine Learning, Computer Vision, Signal Processing, and/or Natural Language Processing (NLP) • Solid production experience using Python (including NumPy) and SQL • Solid production experience using TensorFlow and/or PyTorch • Production experience with Apache Spark • Strong fundamentals in problem solving, algorithm design and complexity analysis • Experience implementing Machine Learning pipelines in production environments • Hands-on experience with web APIs, containers, CI/CD and testing • Experience from working in Agile Scrum environments • Experience implementing solutions in a cloud environment (AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud) • Experience working with data science in automotive telematics data and video is a plus • Experience in edge computing is a plus"
435,435,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ac8885739e93e948&fccid=5793e68a003f2fb6&vjs=3,"Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Research Engineer - (INF00000102) Description Salary Salary commensurate with experience and qualifications Job Summary In the SMU Data Science & Research Hub, the support team ensures that our research partners stay at the leading edge of technology by identifying, demonstrating, extending, and applying emerging technologies to solve real research problems. We currently work in the fields of data science, Internet of Things, advanced computing, and applied artificial intelligence and machine learning—areas that are changing and progressing rapidly. As we show our research partners how new technologies can improve their capabilities through rapid prototyping and iterative development, we both rely on and help shape academic and institutional research at SMU. As a research enabler focusing on artificial intelligence and machine learning, you will identify, shape, apply, conduct, and lead research projects that matches critical academic needs. You will be responsible for building and scaling SMU’s next generation artificial intelligence and machine learning shared service in support of fast-growing research needs. Are you creative, curious, energetic, collaborative, technology-focused, and hard-working? Are you interested in making a difference by bringing innovation to academic research and beyond? Apply to join our team. Essential Functions Hands-on research: You’ll conduct consultations and lead novel research projects in applied machine learning and artificial intelligence. Solution development: You’ll collaborate with and lead interdisciplinary teams to build and grow research prototypes to solve cutting-edge, real-world problems for research and institutional stakeholders. Strategy: You’ll work with OIT and SMU leaders and colleagues to plan, develop, and carry out an overall research strategy, and to influence the University’s research agenda regarding future technology. Collaboration: You'll actively participate on teams of software data scientists, developers, researchers, and technical leads. You'll build relationships and support researchers, students, and other SMU stakeholders to understand and to address challenges, needs, possible solutions, and research deliverables. Mentoring: You'll contribute to improving the overall technical capabilities of the SMU by mentoring and teaching others, participating in design (software and otherwise) sessions, and sharing insights and wisdom across the OIT Data Science & Research Hub support team.  Qualifications Education and Experience A Master's degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Informatics, Engineering, or related discipline with three (3) years of experience; OR PhD in the same fields with one year of experience in a relevant discipline is required for this position. Required experience: Proven experience in machine learning, deep learning, active learning, and/or transfer learning to solve practical AI problems Experience in developing container-based systems. A wide array of experience with machine learning is required (both supervised and unsupervised) and Bayesian techniques and probabilistic programming is desirable. Experience using version control software (e.g., Git, SVN, Mercurial). Knowledge of building distributed systems (e.g. MapReduce, Hadoop, or Spark) or distributed search engine (e.g. Lucene, ElasticSearch, or Solr) for analytics Knowledge of data modeling in relationship databases (e.g. MySQL, PostgreSQL, Snowflake, etc.) and/or NoSQL databases (e.g. ElasticSearch, MongoDB, Columnar databases, etc.)  Desired Experience Track record of conducting research and leading projects in machine learning and artificial intelligence. A reputation for the highest level of research and technical integrity. Demonstrated contributions and published research. Ability to design and enable AI infrastructure to efficiently support predictive modeling and analytics tasks on research and institutional data Familiar with technical challenges and emerging trends in computing and information science, and awareness of opportunities in industry and research Research in applied machine learning and artificial intelligence. Previous work with tools, techniques, algorithms, software, and programming languages for deep learning, reinforcement learning, statistics, sensors and sensor fusion, planning, computer vision, or related areas. Familiarity with the process of formulating research proposals to funding agencies and an appetite to obtain these types of awards  Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Communication and Collaboration: Strong written and verbal communication skills and can interact collaboratively and diplomatically with customers and colleagues. Grasps the big picture, direction, and goals of an effort while focusing great attention to detail. Ability to present complex ideas to people who may not have a deep understanding of the subject area. Dedication: Ability to meet deadlines while multi-tasking–sometimes under pressure and with shifting priorities. Creativity and Innovation: Creative and curious, and inspired by the prospect of collaborating with researchers and visionaries at SMU and other communities and organizations. Ability to quickly learn new procedures, techniques, and approaches. Forward-looking and can connect research with practical challenges. Knowledge and Learning: Possess broad technical interests along with a deep knowledge of a particular field such as human-computer interaction, data analytics and machine learning, advanced computing, and autonomous and adaptive systems.  Required Skills Ability to self-manage, work independently and meeting deadlines Critical thinking skills Willingness to learn and ability to learn quickly Teamwork mentality and skill set Strong communication, interpersonal and analytical skills Perform in the fast-paced environment of a rapidly growing research & data science support group Quickly understand new technology areas and manage and adapt to rapidly changing customer needs Work in a team-oriented environment Participate in multiple technical projects at once (typically 3 or 4 projects simultaneously) Execute work, summarize results, and prepare reports (as required) Communicate well verbally and in writing Apply proactive and reactive problem-solving skills Think analytically and communicate complex ideas to peers having different technical backgrounds Participate in critical design reviews Prepare estimates and technical input for bids and proposals Proficient with Linux/Unix operating systems Proficient with algorithm development/programming in Python, R, or C/C++ Knowledge of GPU programming  Physical/Environmental Demands Stand Walk for long distances Reach above shoulders Handle objects (dexterity) Carry/Lift 25lbs Sit for long periods of time  Deadline to Apply This position is open until filled. EEO SMU will not discriminate in any program or activity on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, sexual orientation, or gender identity and expression. The Executive Director for Access and Equity/Title IX Coordinator is designated to handle inquiries regarding nondiscrimination policies and may be reached at the Perkins Administration Building, Room 204, 6425 Boaz Lane, Dallas, TX 75205, 214-768-3601, accessequity@smu.edu.  Primary Location: USA-TX-Dallas Job: Information Technology Organization: Information Technology Services Schedule: Regular Shift: Staff Employee Status: Individual Contributor Job Type: Full-time Job Level: Day Job Travel: No Job Posting: Apr 26, 2021, 11:35:57 AM"
436,436,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5e973bb79e97c181&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3," 5+ years of experience in analytics platform implementation or operations experience with a deep understanding of database and analytics technologies including MPP, Relational, and NOSQL databases 3+ years of experience with software development languages like Java, Python, Scala Experience working with RESTful API and general service oriented architectures Implementation and tuning experience in the Apache Hadoop Ecosystem including Hadoop Streaming, Spark, Pig, and Hive Implementation and tuning experience of Data Warehousing platforms including knowledge of Data Warehouse Schema Design, Query Tuning and Optimization, and Data Migration and Integration Experience with analytics presentation layer including Dashboards, Reporting, and OLAP Cloud computing experience  Would you like to be part of a team that is redefining the IT industry? Amazon Web Services (AWS) is leading the next paradigm shift in computing and is looking for a world class candidate for the role of Partner Solution Architect - Data, Analytics, and Machine Learning within our Global Systems Integrators (GSI) Channels & Alliances business function.  This is an ideal role for someone who has experience working for a global systems integrator, a large IT consulting firm, or a Fortune 1000 company. In this role, you will develop the technical capabilities of our Global System Integrators (GSIs) so they can be successful in the cloud. Working with these large partners is a team effort that will require influence and coordination with many stakeholders to collaborate on solutions in Big Data, Analytics, and Machine Learning (ML). These engagements will focus on Real Time and Batch-based big data processing, data and ML strategy, business intelligence, and visualizations. If you are a problem solver with data & analytics technical skills and growing knowledge of how machine learning compliments the data, you will enjoy this role.  In this technical role, you will architect enterprise-grade AWS solutions, own the technical relationship and deliverables for a GSI on large enterprise transformational customer opportunities, develop and execute multi-day workshops, lead white boarding sessions, author white papers and blog posts, and respond to complex technical inquiries including RFPs. You will partner with ProServe, Sales, Business Development, and the Data, Analytics & ML Service teams to enable the partner’s Data, Analytics and ML services adoption. The ability to think strategically about business, product, and technical challenges in an enterprise environment, understand Agile methodologies, and have the ability to apply these practices to Data, Analytics & ML projects will be key in this role.  Key Responsibilities:  Design customer solutions using AWS products and services such as Elastic Map Reduce (EMR), Redshift, Kinesis, Lambda, Data Pipeline, S3, DynamoDB, and the Relational Database Service (RDS) Understand machine learning on AWS including Apache MxNet and TensorFlow, Machine Learning Platforms such as Amazon SageMaker for data scientists, and API-driven Services like Amazon Lex, Amazon Polly, Amazon Transcribe, Amazon Comprehend, and Amazon Rekognition to quickly add intelligence components to applications Help manage and drive joint Strategic Deals between the partner and AWS Build a set of best practices around how data, analytics, & ML fit into our largest deals and replicate across geographies Thought Leadership – Evangelize AWS Data, Analytics, & ML services to share best practices through forums such as AWS Big Data or ML blogs, whitepapers and reference architectures, as well as public-speaking events such as AWS Summits, AWS re: Invent, etc Act as a technical liaison between customers and the Data, Analytics, & ML services engineering teams to provide customer driven product improvement feedback Serve as a key member of the business development and account management team in helping to ensure customer success in building and migrating applications, software, and services on AWS Provide the architectural guidance and recommendations necessary to promote successful partner engagements Assist GSIs in building offerings and technical strategies that will enable them to build and sell their offering on the AWS platform Coach and train GSIs on an ongoing basis to adopt AWS innovations for Data, Analytics & ML workloads  Work/Life Balance  Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.  Mentorship & Career Growth  Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded professional and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.  Inclusive and Diverse Culture  Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have twelve employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.  Position may be located near any Amazon regional office within the United States. Relocation assistance offered from within the US. Up to 50% travel (Post COVID-19 Travel Restrictions).   Executive speaking and presentation skills to include formal presentations, white boarding, and large and small group presentations Professional experience architecting/operating solutions built on AWS Experience with Machine and Deep Learning toolkits such as MXNet, TensorFlow, Caffe, and PyTorch Experience with AWS services related to AI/ML particularly Amazon EMR, AWS Lambda, Machine Learning, IoT, Amazon DynamoDB, Amazon S3, Amazon EC2 Container Service, Greengrass, etc Experience working with/for Global Systems Integrators (GSIs) AWS certifications; AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate Level, AWS Certified Big Data – Specialty, AWS Certified Machine Learning - Specialty, etc Customer relationship management experience and collaboration skills  Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.  Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.  Pursuant to the Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment-qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.  The pay range for this position in Colorado is $122,300 - $160,000, annually; however, base pay offered may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. A sign-on bonus and restricted stock units may be provided as part of the compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits, dependent on the position offered. This information is provided per the Colorado Equal Pay Act. Base pay information is based on market location. Applicants should apply via Amazon's internal or external careers site."
438,438,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5f370e6f09e24cec&fccid=5bb8e6a1698100a4&vjs=3,"Highgate Hotels:  Highgate is a premier real estate investment and hospitality management company widely recognized as an innovator in the industry. Highgate is the dominant player in U.S. gateway markets including New York, Boston, Miami, San Francisco and Honolulu. Highgate also has a key presence in Barcelona. Highgate’s portfolio of global properties represents an aggregate asset value exceeding $10B and generates over $2B in cumulative revenues. The company provides expert guidance through all stages of the hospitality property cycle, from planning and development through recapitalization or disposition. Highgate also has the creativity and bandwidth to develop bespoke hotel brands and utilizes industry leading proprietary revenue management tools that identify and predict evolving market dynamics to drive out performance and maximize asset value. With an executive team consisting of some of the industry’s most experienced hotel management leaders, the company is a trusted partner for top ownership groups and major hotel brands. Highgate maintains corporate offices in London, New York, Dallas, and Seattle. Location:  Employment Status: Full-Time Overview:  Highgate’s Business Intelligence team based in New York, NY is responsible for managing the majority of Highgate’s standardized operational reporting and situational analysis for the managed hotel portfolio as well as various business support and partnership initiatives to create value within the hotels and the management company. The team is comprised of cross-functional subject matter specialists who work together and in collaboration with other Highgate operating disciplines to achieve these goals and objectives. Highgate Hotels is seeking a Manager of Business Intelligence & Data Science / Engineering to join our team and be a leader in driving the vision and continued development of Highgate’s best-in-class advanced data & analytics platform. Working with the VP & Director of Business Intelligence, this individual will be directly influencing the creation and delivery of advanced analytics modules and data science services in our growing big data environment that allows business users to explore actionable insights in support of the hotel portfolio’s performance and the Company’s growth strategy. This individual will also design interactive data visualization reporting that allows business users to explore actionable insights in support of the hotel portfolio’s performance and the Company’s growth strategy, including overseeing an end-to-end user experience from acceptance testing to ongoing training and support to ensure dashboards continue to be relevant and consumed. This role is responsible for serving as the primary resource for defining and implementing the analytics application architecture, data frameworks, database structures, data pipelines, ETL processes, as well as monitoring and addressing application and database performance, issues, and problems. This role requires an individual who can build positive relationships throughout the organization while becoming intimately familiar with Highgate’s common business language to identify and rationalize opportunities for reporting design, answer key business questions and ensure user adoption. This individual should be ready and willing to actively ascertain opportunities to improve the Company’s data workflow processes and propose alternatives to improve the stability, performance and accuracy of Highgate’s reporting infrastructure. This role will interface with all Highgate business departments, system vendors, ownership group analyst teams, senior leadership and other external third parties. This role is a great opportunity to utilize an existing technical skillset within a vertically integrated and entrepreneurial platform to be a part of Highgate’s continued expansion and success. Responsibilities: Work closely with business, technical and data science teams to capture, analyze and understand business requirements, translating activities and business objectives into analytical codes for application in a production scale environment. Architect, document, develop, code, and test advanced analytics models into scalable advanced analytics solutions in a big data environment. Partner collaboratively with other functional teams to access data elements, understanding the data being analyzed and identifying improvement opportunities for the data ingestion process. Develop well-organized and insightful reports, dashboards and other forms of data visualizations to support business awareness and decision-making. Proactively interface with Highgate operating disciplines to gather and validate reporting and analysis requirements including data elements and report Design and maintain workflows to automate data ingestion, validation and report delivery mechanisms with impregnable performance standards using technologies like Change Data Capture (CDC) or Change Tracking. Oversee report and dashboard rollout, user acceptance testing, user training and ongoing support to key stakeholders. Develop database design, architecture, and support documentation and training for system users and Help define the data sourcing and API strategy in collaboration with the Business Applications Set the data governance and retention processes and policies in collaboration with the Business Applications team to ensure the continued integrity of data sources used for core reports and Partner with best-in-class data & analytics products and service vendors to follow the pulse of industry-leading platforms and identify opportunities to implement new Complete ad hoc analyses as requested by senior management with the expectation of presenting deliverables to a large and varied Contribute to the successful takeover of new hotels by ensuring all incoming assets are set up on key business support systems needed to perform Business Intelligence standardized reporting and Support the redesign of monthly, quarterly and annual business reporting for presentation to hotel ownership groups, including public lodging REITs and private real estate investment firms and financing Oversee the continued development of Highgate’s master property table to centrally warehouse key hotel attributes and provide the ability for enhanced portfolio-level Creatively determine areas of opportunity to develop materials that communicate key successes and / or management company performance trends to support business development and investor relations for the organization. Qualifications: Minimum of two (2) years of prior, relevant professional experience, preferably for a hotel management or ownership company focusing on: BI, Analytics, ETL management, Reporting Platform Strategy and Data Modeling & Deployment Strategy Minimum of one (1) year of hands-on experience in architecting, designing and implementing advanced analytics models, large-scale optimization, and machine learning algorithms for scalable production environments. Minimum of one (1) year of experience in a full life-cycle analytics code environment, including development, deployment, and maintenance efforts involving distributed data sets. Demonstrated, exceptional analytical and technical capabilities, including but not limited to: Large data collection, organization, synthesis and distribution working with advanced data analytics tools such as Tableau and Alteryx Experience using Java and SQL Server for performing data profiling, formatting and ad hoc analysis Understanding of data warehousing concepts, relational data models and the data flow process end-to-end from ingestion to consumption Advanced comprehension of Microsoft Excel VBA Advanced programming skills in Python and/or R (and their related data science, machine learning, and visualization libraries) Working knowledge of Web Services architecture and components like Simple Object Access Protocol (SOAP), Web Services Description Language (WSDL) and/or RESTful web services General knowledge and understanding of financial statements and commonly used hospitality- related performance metrics Ability to review and understand commonly used industry operating reports (i.e. STR reports, group booking pace, revenue segmentation, ) Strong verbal and written business communication skills An affinity for creating and producing work product in a detail-oriented and self-sufficient manner, including meticulous and methodical self-checking habits Adept organizational and project management skills, including time management and priority setting Ability to work within a dynamic, nimble and entrepreneurial environment and collaborate across multiple internal disciplines to achieve goals and produce deliverables in a timely and accurate fashion A passion for or interest in the hotel and real estate industries preferred IND1 For California Applicants Only Highgate Hotels, L.P. is an Equal Opportunity Employer and maintains the policy of recruiting and retaining the best-qualified personnel who demonstrate the ability to perform competently and work well with others. It is the policy of Highgate Hotels to provide equal employment opportunity regardless of race (including traits historically or culturally associated with race, such as hair texture and protective hairstyles), religion (including religious dress and religious grooming), color, age (40 and over), genetic information, disability (mental and physical), medical condition (as defined under state law), national origin (including language use restrictions and possession of a driver’s license issued under section 12801.9 of the California Vehicle Code), ancestry, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression), sexual orientation, marital status, familial status, parental status, domestic partner status, citizenship status, pregnancy (including perceived pregnancy, childbirth, lactation, or pregnancy-related conditions), military caregiver status, military status, veteran status, or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. This policy of nondiscrimination is applied to all aspects of the employment relationship. The Company complies with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and applicable state and local laws in ensuring equal opportunity and employment for qualified persons with disabilities. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements."
440,440,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=3add05d9791c80e7&fccid=25b5166547bbf543&vjs=3,"At AT&T, we’re connecting the world through the latest tech, top-of-the-line communications and the best in entertainment. Our groundbreaking digital solutions provide intuitive and integrated experiences for millions of customers across online, retail and care channels. Join our mission to deliver compelling communication and entertainment experiences to customers around the world as we continue to evolve as a technology-powered, human-centered organization. As part of our team, you’ll transform the way we deliver a seamless customer experience with digital at the center of all you do. In our world, digital is much larger than just an eCommerce channel, we are transforming all channels to digitally perform as one team to create a better customer experience. As we move through 2021, the digital transformation will revolutionize the digital space and you can build a career that will propel your future.  About the Team Our Data, Analytics and AI team is looking for a data scientist who is passionate about the enablement of DevOps and has the analytical and multi-tasking abilities to thrive in a fast-paced environment. We are responsible for understanding the current landscape of advanced analytics and AI, and work towards defining the right architecture for the future in the Salesforce Environment. While maintaining a healthy data and analytics culture, we are also responsible for enabling various business units across AT&T with data, insights and BI capabilities.  About the Job As a data scientist with our team, you will have the opportunity to join a fast-growing team that is embarking on a multi-year implementation as part of an on-going digital modernization effort. As the project team ramps up, you will have the chance to help define and shape the vision of how the solution for the new age Analytics and AI will be maintained and monitored to meet the business’ needs. Our vision is to have an industry leading Analytics and AI leveraging Salesforce Einstein Analytics and couple with Tableau Analytics and provide continuous improvements to our business partners with a lens into Business and System metrics.  Required Qualifications Bachelor’s in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science or related field 4+ years of experience with data querying languages (eg. SQL), scripting languages (eg. Python) Advanced Tableau or PowerBI skills Thorough understanding and hands-on machine-leaning and AI Application experience Experience working within scaled agile development team Understanding of Data Warehouse, Data Lakes and Data Lakehouse  Preferred Qualifications Master’s Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science or related field Experience with Salesforce technology and Einstein Analytics  AT&T is leading the way to the future – for customers, businesses and the industry. We're developing new technologies to make it easier for our customers to stay connected to their world. Together, we’ve built a premier integrated communications and entertainment company and an amazing place to work and grow. Team up with industry innovators every time you walk into work, creating the world you always imagined. Ready to #transformdigital with us? Apply now!"
443,443,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=b41b1d76bf7348fd&fccid=78bbcd26e39621f5&vjs=3,"Job Description Important Note: During the application process, ensure your contact information (email and phone number) is up to date and upload your current resume when submitting your application for consideration. To participate in some selection activities you will need to respond to an invitation. The invitation can be sent by both email and text message. In order to receive text message invitations, your profile must include a mobile phone number designated as “Personal Cell” or “Cellular” in the contact information of your application. At Wells Fargo, we are looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. We are seeking candidates who embrace diversity, equity and inclusion in a workplace where everyone feels valued and inspired. Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.  Technology sets IT strategy; enhances the design, development, and operations of our systems; optimizes the Wells Fargo infrastructure; provides information security; and enables Wells Fargo global customers to have 24 hours a day, 7 days a week banking access through in-branch, online, ATMs, and other channels. Our mission is to deliver stable, secure, scalable, and innovative services at speeds that delight and satisfy our customers and unleash the skills potential of our employees. The Information and Cyber Security (ICS) team is embarking on a multi-year initiative to improve Wells Fargo’s resiliency to the tactics, and techniques used by today’s most advanced adversaries. ICS is looking to bring together a multi-functional, agile team to partner across disciplines in order to create a more secure future for the company and its customers. Join a team of dedicated cybersecurity professionals working to implement cutting edge threat detection and prevention tools and techniques. Wells Fargo Secure Code Review (SCR) provides application vulnerability identification and also validation of remediated findings at the code level for critical applications used by Wells Fargo, from an automated and manual static analysis perspective. This role is a key member of the Secure Code Review team who will help to further our machine learning capabilities in advancement of our static analysis competencies. Primary job responsibilities include: Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for using company data to drive automation and process improvement. Leverage large data sets to find opportunity for process optimization, using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. Mine and analyze data from systems of record to drive automation, continuous improvement and quality assurance. Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques. Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy as well as to design, build, and monitor a data lake. Perform model evaluation and management to test model quality, data drift and model drift, anomaly detection and more. Exhibit capabilities in a variety of data mining and data analysis methods, using varying tools to build and implement models. Submit patents, as appropriate, to protect your inventions. Salary range is determined by location of the job. The salary range displayed below is based on a Full-time 40 hour a week schedule: AZ-Chandler: Min: $112,000 Mid: $160,000 Max: $208,000 CA-SF-Financial District: Min: $134,400 Mid: $192,000 Max: $249,600 CA-Concord: Min: $134,400 Mid: $192,000 Max: $249,600 IA-West Des Moines: Min: $112,000 Mid: $160,000 Max: $208,000 IL-Chicago: Min: $123,200 Mid: $176,000 Max: $228,800 MA-Boston: Min: $134,400 Mid: $192,000 Max: $249,600 MN-Minneapolis: Min: $112,000 Mid: $160,000 Max: $208,000 MO-Saint Louis: Min: $112,000 Mid: $160,000 Max: $208,000 NY-New York: Min: $134,400 Mid: $192,000 Max: $249,600 PA-Philadelphia: Min: $123,200 Mid: $176,000 Max: $228,800 TX-DAL-Downtown Dallas: Min: $112,000 Mid: $160,000 Max: $208,000 NC-Raleigh: Min: $112,000 Mid: $160,000 Max: $208,000 GA-Atlanta: Min: $112,000 Mid: $160,000 Max: $208,000 NC-Charlotte: Min: $112,000 Mid: $160,000 Max: $208,000 NC-Charlotte: Min: $112,000 Mid: $160,000 Max: $208,000 CO-Greenwood Village: Min: $112,000 Mid: $160,000 Max: $208,000 CA-Irvine: Min: $123,200 Mid: $176,000 Max: $228,800 OR-Portland: Min: $112,000 Mid: $160,000 Max: $208,000 VA-Glen Allen: Min: $112,000 Mid: $160,000 Max: $208,000 UT-Salt Lake City: Min: $112,000 Mid: $160,000 Max: $208,000 TX-San Antonio: Min: $112,000 Mid: $160,000 Max: $208,000 VA-McLean: Min: $123,200 Mid: $176,000 Max: $228,800 NC-Winston Salem: Min: $112,000 Mid: $160,000 Max: $208,000 Required Qualifications 7+ years of information security applications and systems experience 6+ years of information technology applications and systems experience 4+ years of development experience with languages such as Python, Java, Scala, or R 3+ years of design, implementation and governance experience with Artificial Intelligence, Natural Language Processing or Machine Learning architecture 2+ years of experience with databases such as Oracle, DB2, SQL server, or Teradata Desired Qualifications Experience building microservices based on event driven architecture and domain driven design SAST (Static Analysis Software Testing) experience Ability to execute in a fast paced, high demand, environment while balancing multiple priorities Ability to articulate issues, risks, and proposed solutions to various levels of staff and management Ability to translate and present complex technical data across technical and non-technical groups A BS/BA degree or higher in one of the following statistical related fields: applied mathematics, statistics, finance, economics, or engineering Other Desired Qualifications  Experience visualizing and presenting data for stakeholders using tools like Tableau, HighCharts, Matplotlib, and Seaborn Experience in call graphs, data flow, compilers. Experience with SciKitLearn, TensorFlow, Keras, XGBoost, RapidMiner, DataRobot, H20 Driverless AI, C3+.ai, Jupyter Notebooks Experience with all aspects of data security as it relates to data science, sensitive data protection, encryption, authentication and authorization Ability to stay current with emerging technologies and industry trends, as well as learn and master new technologies and techniques with excellent problem-solving skills. 4+ years of experience delivering ETL, data warehouse and data analytics capabilities on big-data architecture such as Hadoop 3+ years of software development working with large datasets and data manipulation 3+ years of experience with Big Data or Hadoop tools such as Spark, Hive, Kafka and Map Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics, including regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, NLP, and more     Salary Information The salary range displayed below is based on a Full-time 40 hour a week schedule.  AZ-PHX-Northwest Phoenix: Min: $112,000 Mid: $160,000 AZ-Chandler: Min: $112,000 Mid: $160,000 CA-SF-Financial District: Min: $134,400 Mid: $192,000 CA-Concord: Min: $134,400 Mid: $192,000 IA-West Des Moines: Min: $112,000 Mid: $160,000 IL-Chicago: Min: $123,200 Mid: $176,000 MA-Boston: Min: $134,400 Mid: $192,000 MN-Minneapolis: Min: $112,000 Mid: $160,000 MO-Saint Louis: Min: $112,000 Mid: $160,000 NY-New York: Min: $134,400 Mid: $192,000 PA-Philadelphia: Min: $123,200 Mid: $176,000 TX-DAL-Downtown Dallas: Min: $112,000 Mid: $160,000 NC-Raleigh: Min: $112,000 Mid: $160,000 GA-Atlanta: Min: $112,000 Mid: $160,000 NC-Charlotte: Min: $112,000 Mid: $160,000 NC-Charlotte: Min: $112,000 Mid: $160,000 CO-Greenwood Village: Min: $112,000 Mid: $160,000 CA-Irvine: Min: $123,200 Mid: $176,000 OR-Portland: Min: $112,000 Mid: $160,000 VA-Glen Allen: Min: $112,000 Mid: $160,000 UT-Salt Lake City: Min: $112,000 Mid: $160,000 TX-San Antonio: Min: $112,000 Mid: $160,000 VA-McLean: Min: $123,200 Mid: $176,000 NC-Winston Salem: Min: $112,000 Mid: $160,000 Street Address AZ-PHX-Northwest Phoenix: 2222 W Rose Garden Ln - Phoenix, AZ AZ-Chandler: 2600 S Price Rd - Chandler, AZ CA-SF-Financial District: 333 Market St - San Francisco, CA CA-Concord: 1755 Grant Street - Concord, CA IA-West Des Moines: 800 S Jordan Creek Pkwy - West Des Moines, IA IL-Chicago: 10 S Wacker Drive - Chicago, IL MA-Boston: 125 High Street - Boston, MA MN-Minneapolis: 550 South 4th St - Minneapolis, MN MO-Saint Louis: 1 N Jefferson Ave - Saint Louis, MO NY-New York: 150 E 42nd St - New York, NY PA-Philadelphia: 101 N Independence Mall E - Philadelphia, PA TX-DAL-Downtown Dallas: 1445 Ross Ave - Dallas, TX NC-Raleigh: 1100 Corporate Center Dr - Raleigh, NC GA-Atlanta: 360 Interstate North Pkwy Se - Atlanta, GA NC-Charlotte: 401 S Tryon St - Charlotte, NC NC-Charlotte: 1525 W Wt Harris Blvd - Charlotte, NC CO-Greenwood Village: 5700 Dtc Pkwy - Greenwood Village, CO CA-Irvine: 2030 Main St - Irvine, CA OR-Portland: 1300 Sw 5th Ave - Portland, OR VA-Glen Allen: 4340 Innslake Dr - Glen Allen, VA UT-Salt Lake City: 299 S Main St - Salt Lake City, UT TX-San Antonio: 4101 Wiseman Blvd - San Antonio, TX VA-McLean: 1751 Pinnacle Dr - Mclean, VA NC-Winston Salem: 809 W 4 1/2 St - Winston Salem, NC"
444,444,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9282d0480e494673&fccid=6a5ade6570ac10b8&vjs=3,"TriMark USA is one of the nation's largest providers of design and build services, equipment and supplies to the foodservice industry. TriMark offers operators an unrivaled level of customized service by combining the hands-on support and local market knowledge of a strong, regional supplier with the purchasing strength, industry expertise, and delivery capabilities of a national company. We partner with our customers, which include national chains, independent restaurants, healthcare facilities, K-12 and universities, entertainment venues, and many other segments, providing tailored solutions and essential products to operate with greater efficiency and realize better bottom line results. Our aim every day is to serve with excellence, meeting the needs of foodservice professionals so they can achieve their culinary vision. Position Summary/Objective The Senior Data Analyst is responsible for turning data in to actionable information via the use of tools such as Excel, Power BI, and any other relevant programs. The ideal candidate will be able to comprehend business requirements and transform those ideas in to well-designed and efficient visualizations. This position will have a regional scope with reports and dashboards that impact all levels of the organization, therefore the Senior Data Analyst is expected to be a strong communicator who can successfully speak with and translate data to employees possessing widely varied levels of seniority and data familiarity. Essential Functions & Responsibilities Organizes and builds data models and Power BI reports/dashboards. Finds the most efficient ways to manage data to maximize report value while minimizing resources. Gathers requirements, designs algorithms, and develops solutions to complex business problems. Identifies, interprets, and analyzes meaningful trends in complex datasets. Acquires data from sources including but not limited to SQL, Excel, Web Scraping, Smartsheet, and APIs. Provides organizational training and troubleshooting for analytics solutions. Proactively stays on leading edge of analytics, machine learning, and other relevant developing areas. Comfortably communicates analysis and findings to any and all levels of the organization. Competencies, Skills and Abilities Possess integrity and ethical character with a clean financial background. Understand and support the confidential nature of the position and all related functions. Ability to train, mentor and coach others when requested. Possess exceptional written, verbal, and interpersonal skills, including ability to articulate recommendations in a concise and timely manner. Able to analyze, organize, summarize, and articulate financial information. Ability to multi-task and pay attention to multiple details and directives at a time. Education & Experience Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Economics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Information Management, Data Science, or Statistics 6+ years of experience in Data Analysis/Data Science Must be highly proficient and experienced with Excel and Power BI, as well as in coding SQL, m, and DAX Preferred experience with related languages and packages (SPSS, SAS, Python, R, SSAS, SSIS, SSRS, etc.) Proficient computer skills with all programs used by the organization, including expert skills in MS Office and the ability to quickly learn and utilize company enterprise software TriMark offers a competitive salary along with a comprehensive benefits package including Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance, Disability Insurance, 401(k) plan with a matching contribution, Flexible Spending Account, PTO, Paid Company Holidays, Tuition Reimbursement and more. TriMark is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer – Minorities/Females/Individuals with Disabilities/Veterans. TriMark participates in E-Verify, a service of DHS and SSA, where required. See the E-Verify notice in English or Español . Employment with TriMark may be contingent upon successfully complying with the Company's post-offer, pre-employment drug/alcohol screen, a background check, and a motor vehicle record pull. Employees who either drive a company-owned vehicle or routinely drive their own vehicle while conducting business on behalf of the Company may be required to annually participate in our motor vehicle record pull, and to provide the Company with a copy of their driver's license and motor vehicle insurance. We provide a smoke-free and drug-free work environment."
446,446,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ac8885739e93e948&fccid=5793e68a003f2fb6&vjs=3,"Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Research Engineer - (INF00000102) Description Salary Salary commensurate with experience and qualifications Job Summary In the SMU Data Science & Research Hub, the support team ensures that our research partners stay at the leading edge of technology by identifying, demonstrating, extending, and applying emerging technologies to solve real research problems. We currently work in the fields of data science, Internet of Things, advanced computing, and applied artificial intelligence and machine learning—areas that are changing and progressing rapidly. As we show our research partners how new technologies can improve their capabilities through rapid prototyping and iterative development, we both rely on and help shape academic and institutional research at SMU. As a research enabler focusing on artificial intelligence and machine learning, you will identify, shape, apply, conduct, and lead research projects that matches critical academic needs. You will be responsible for building and scaling SMU’s next generation artificial intelligence and machine learning shared service in support of fast-growing research needs. Are you creative, curious, energetic, collaborative, technology-focused, and hard-working? Are you interested in making a difference by bringing innovation to academic research and beyond? Apply to join our team. Essential Functions Hands-on research: You’ll conduct consultations and lead novel research projects in applied machine learning and artificial intelligence. Solution development: You’ll collaborate with and lead interdisciplinary teams to build and grow research prototypes to solve cutting-edge, real-world problems for research and institutional stakeholders. Strategy: You’ll work with OIT and SMU leaders and colleagues to plan, develop, and carry out an overall research strategy, and to influence the University’s research agenda regarding future technology. Collaboration: You'll actively participate on teams of software data scientists, developers, researchers, and technical leads. You'll build relationships and support researchers, students, and other SMU stakeholders to understand and to address challenges, needs, possible solutions, and research deliverables. Mentoring: You'll contribute to improving the overall technical capabilities of the SMU by mentoring and teaching others, participating in design (software and otherwise) sessions, and sharing insights and wisdom across the OIT Data Science & Research Hub support team.  Qualifications Education and Experience A Master's degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Informatics, Engineering, or related discipline with three (3) years of experience; OR PhD in the same fields with one year of experience in a relevant discipline is required for this position. Required experience: Proven experience in machine learning, deep learning, active learning, and/or transfer learning to solve practical AI problems Experience in developing container-based systems. A wide array of experience with machine learning is required (both supervised and unsupervised) and Bayesian techniques and probabilistic programming is desirable. Experience using version control software (e.g., Git, SVN, Mercurial). Knowledge of building distributed systems (e.g. MapReduce, Hadoop, or Spark) or distributed search engine (e.g. Lucene, ElasticSearch, or Solr) for analytics Knowledge of data modeling in relationship databases (e.g. MySQL, PostgreSQL, Snowflake, etc.) and/or NoSQL databases (e.g. ElasticSearch, MongoDB, Columnar databases, etc.)  Desired Experience Track record of conducting research and leading projects in machine learning and artificial intelligence. A reputation for the highest level of research and technical integrity. Demonstrated contributions and published research. Ability to design and enable AI infrastructure to efficiently support predictive modeling and analytics tasks on research and institutional data Familiar with technical challenges and emerging trends in computing and information science, and awareness of opportunities in industry and research Research in applied machine learning and artificial intelligence. Previous work with tools, techniques, algorithms, software, and programming languages for deep learning, reinforcement learning, statistics, sensors and sensor fusion, planning, computer vision, or related areas. Familiarity with the process of formulating research proposals to funding agencies and an appetite to obtain these types of awards  Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Communication and Collaboration: Strong written and verbal communication skills and can interact collaboratively and diplomatically with customers and colleagues. Grasps the big picture, direction, and goals of an effort while focusing great attention to detail. Ability to present complex ideas to people who may not have a deep understanding of the subject area. Dedication: Ability to meet deadlines while multi-tasking–sometimes under pressure and with shifting priorities. Creativity and Innovation: Creative and curious, and inspired by the prospect of collaborating with researchers and visionaries at SMU and other communities and organizations. Ability to quickly learn new procedures, techniques, and approaches. Forward-looking and can connect research with practical challenges. Knowledge and Learning: Possess broad technical interests along with a deep knowledge of a particular field such as human-computer interaction, data analytics and machine learning, advanced computing, and autonomous and adaptive systems.  Required Skills Ability to self-manage, work independently and meeting deadlines Critical thinking skills Willingness to learn and ability to learn quickly Teamwork mentality and skill set Strong communication, interpersonal and analytical skills Perform in the fast-paced environment of a rapidly growing research & data science support group Quickly understand new technology areas and manage and adapt to rapidly changing customer needs Work in a team-oriented environment Participate in multiple technical projects at once (typically 3 or 4 projects simultaneously) Execute work, summarize results, and prepare reports (as required) Communicate well verbally and in writing Apply proactive and reactive problem-solving skills Think analytically and communicate complex ideas to peers having different technical backgrounds Participate in critical design reviews Prepare estimates and technical input for bids and proposals Proficient with Linux/Unix operating systems Proficient with algorithm development/programming in Python, R, or C/C++ Knowledge of GPU programming  Physical/Environmental Demands Stand Walk for long distances Reach above shoulders Handle objects (dexterity) Carry/Lift 25lbs Sit for long periods of time  Deadline to Apply This position is open until filled. EEO SMU will not discriminate in any program or activity on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, sexual orientation, or gender identity and expression. The Executive Director for Access and Equity/Title IX Coordinator is designated to handle inquiries regarding nondiscrimination policies and may be reached at the Perkins Administration Building, Room 204, 6425 Boaz Lane, Dallas, TX 75205, 214-768-3601, accessequity@smu.edu.  Primary Location: USA-TX-Dallas Job: Information Technology Organization: Information Technology Services Schedule: Regular Shift: Staff Employee Status: Individual Contributor Job Type: Full-time Job Level: Day Job Travel: No Job Posting: Apr 26, 2021, 11:35:57 AM"
447,447,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a1aea0be90c7f010&fccid=aaf3b433897ea465&vjs=3,"About Quantitative Research Quantitative Research (QR) is an expert quantitative modeling group in J.P. Morgan, as well as a leader in financial engineering, data analytics, statistical modeling and portfolio management. As a global team, QR partners with traders, marketers and risk managers across all products and regions, contributes to sales and client interaction, product innovation, valuation and risk management, inventory and portfolio optimization, electronic trading and market making, and appropriate financial risk controls. Opportunity We are looking for a Quantitative Developer to join our Model Implementation team to work on implementation of models in the firm's new Wholesale Credit Risk Model platform. The Model Implementation team focuses on the design, implementation and support of the firms stress forecasting and reserves models that are used to forecast the firms Wholesale Credit Stress (CCAR, ICAAP, Risk Appetite) and Loan loss reserves (CECL, IFRS9) used for Risk Management. In addition, we are providing on job training, intensive internal classroom training, and online courses, all given by our experienced quants. Through the diversity of the businesses it supports and the variety of functions that it is responsible for, Quantitative Research group provides unique growth opportunities for you to develop your abilities and your career. We make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental and physical health needs or particular family considerations. If you are passionate, curious and ready to make an impact, we are looking for you. Your Impact You will contribute to the implementation of the firm's Wholesale Credit risk forecast models used for risk management and stress testing. Specifically, you will have the chance to  Work on the design, development and implementation of forecast and valuation engines that are used by the business for risk management and stress testing of the firms Wholesale Credit portfolio; Work closely with the modelling team and the business to define, gather and understand model and business requirements; be responsible for advancing the methodology as well as the underlying model frameworks and implementation in the teams Python analytics library; Work with the business to explain the results and resolve issues based on business feedback; be involved in communicating model related information such as risk, performance and results to senior management and business partners; Play a key part with our core frameworks team in advancing the design, and implementation of the firm's next generation stress and risk models platform for Wholesale Credit; Design and develop software that implements risk valuation models and work on their delivery to systems and applications; As part of model implementation work, design efficient numerical algorithms and implement high performance computing solutions; Implement software frameworks and tools that support the development of models, back-testing and any other analytics infrastructure required for model development; Work with technology and the business to support the implementation, release and integration of models into the risk platform.  About You  You demonstrate strong quantitative and problem solving skills as well as software development skills; You have the ability and desire to understand quantitative finance model specifications and translate them into practical solutions and implementation in software; You demonstrate strong proficiency in quantitative programming and code design in Python; coupled with this you place a strong emphasis on functional and numerical testing in your quantitative software development work; You are proficient with tools and methods of exploratory data analysis, visualization and modeling in Python e.g., pandas, scipy, sklearn, Jupyter; You are good at communicating concepts and ideas, also via documentation, and you are keen to defend their validity and tailor messages to different audiences; You're attentive to detail and easily adaptable; You're enthusiastic about knowledge sharing and collaboration  Desirables  Advanced degree (PhD, MSc or equivalent) in Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science, Engineering, etc; Experience with implementing quantitative software in finance; Experience with numerical methods, Monte-Carlo, etc and their application to simulation/models in any field; Experience with Quantitative finance and/or Credit Risk; knowledge of CCAR/Stress, IFRS 9/CECL, Basel III regulatory capital in Wholesale Credit and/or Commercial real estate is a plus; Focused on robust testing practices and test-driven development; Proven ability to develop collaborative relationships with key internal partners to achieve objectives and prioritizations.  Beyond that, we're interested in the things that make you unique: personal qualities, outside interests and achievements beyond academia and profession that demonstrate the kind of person you are and the differences you could bring to the team. About Us  JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans About the Team  The Corporate & Investment Bank is a global leader across investment banking, wholesale payments, markets and securities services. The world's most important corporations, governments and institutions entrust us with their business in more than 100 countries. We provide strategic advice, raise capital, manage risk and extend liquidity in markets around the world. Clients turn to our industry-leading Markets, Sales and Research team to offer clients unique market insights on sectors and companies, and actionable ideas using research to make well-informed investment decisions. Teams understand products across asset classes and help clients structure solutions that manage risk, enhance yield and solve complex financial problems.JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans"
449,449,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=3f124ff721dc7a83&fccid=aaf3b433897ea465&vjs=3,"As an experienced Software Engineer, your mission is to help lead our team of innovators and technologists toward creating next-level solutions that improve the way our business is run. Your deep knowledge of design, analytics, development, coding, testing and application programming will help your team raise their game, meeting your standards, as well as satisfying both business and functional requirements. Your expertise in various technology domains will be counted on to set strategic direction and solve complex and mission critical problems, internally and externally. You will play a critical role in the evolution of J.P. Morgan's cloud strategy. You are responsible for providing technical solutions, working with technical staff, and enabling our business and technology partners to succeed on the cloud. You love technology, enjoy working with highly technical engineers on complex problems, and value continuous learning. As a technical expert with an entrepreneurial drive and passion for strong collaboration, you are able to balance business, user and security needs with technical constraints. Responsibilities Solving the companies most challenging cloud problems by building innovative technical solutions. Focus on automation as first class operating model to ensure stability and velocity during development. Implement acceptance tests to ensure the product meets the business goal and specification. Create efficient integrations between on-premises enterprise systems and cloud provider services. Work with customers to provide in-depth technology solutions to their business problems. Lead, coach and mentor the organization with practical examples, hands-on workshops and papers.  Skills & Experience (would like to have)  BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience 10+ Years of significant programming experience in one or more of the following: Java, Python or Go 2+ Years of machine learning* experience in academia or a professional setting 1+ Years in a high-paced (startup-like) environment  Technical experience in: (not nessassary to have everything)  Web Scalability - Highly available architectures - load balancing, scale out Messaging middleware - application interoperability - ActiveMQ, MQ Series, SQS Storage technologies - object and block storage SQL and NoSQL e.g. DynamoDB, Postgres, MySQL, Oracle, SQL Server OS - Linux (RHEL) Agile methodologies Data analysis and manipulation with libraries like Numpy, Pandas, and Jupyter Natural language processing experience with libraries like NLTK, Sklearn, Spacy, and Keras High-computing and big data capabilities with frameworks like Spark or Hadoop Cloud experience with Kubernetes, Terraform, Lambdas, AWS and Google Cloud Platform. Database queries and administration with SQL and NOSQL databases Unit testing and automation with tools like Junit and Jenkins. JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans"
454,454,Dallas,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=95d3db5db226b28d&fccid=b6ff3c28ed42c5b6&vjs=3,"Work to turn vacation dreams into life-long memories by becoming a part of the Apple Leisure Group (ALG) team! We strive to be the first choice in vacation travel, enriching lives and uniting the world.  Grow your career as a Senior Data Analyst - Pricing Strategy with Apple Leisure Group. In this role you will be responsible for advising on and executing Revenue Management functions, including competitive analysis via various financial and statistical models, managing pricing processes, analyzing marketing effectiveness and establishing the pricing strategies that drive sales.  A successful Senior Data Analyst - Pricing Strategy will:  Actively monitor, measure, evaluate and recap pricing and product performance for Hotel, Air, Vacation Package and other products to Senior RM management and brand President. Determine the appropriate deals to market on our sites to drive bookings and profitability. Analyze the effectiveness of various marketing campaigns, promo code results and A/B tests, along with the presentation thereof. Streamline and automate processes and reports for various stakeholders (brand President, SVP of RM, President of B2C brands) within the company. Provide financial analysis and other modeling in support of decision-making processes, along with presenting forecast to senior management. Develop and enhance dashboards; identify relevant KPIs and action accordingly. Manage various pricing processes, including continuous updating and improvement of them. Complete variance analyses, including commentary on key drivers. Collaborate with the Apple Leisure Group Competitive Intelligence team to leverage competitive price shops and analysis for use in analysis and pricing decisions. Set package, hotel-only, and ancillary product price points at levels that drive optimal profit. Evaluate and implement pricing strategies based on robust economic, financial, historical, and statistical analysis.  Requirements:  Bachelor’s degree required, preferably in a quantitative field. At least 4 years of experience in an analytical role such as consulting, finance, statistics, or related fields. Master’s degree in a quantitative field preferred but not required. Strong Excel skills with modeling experience required. Relational database experience MySQL/SQL Server BI and/or analytical tool knowledge (for example Power BI, Tableau, QlikView) Strong problem solving and communication skills. Ability to react quickly and accurately in a fast-paced environment. Works well within a team and drives process improvement.  About Apple Leisure Group As North America’s only vertically-integrated travel, hospitality and leisure management group, Apple Leisure Group is an industry innovator that combines the expertise of 14 leading brands. Our unique niche allows us the special opportunity to oversee every aspect of the travel experience, from the moment a guest books a trip to the time they return home. ALG consistently delivers exceptional value to travelers and strong performance to resort owners and partners by strategically leveraging the power of its portfolio of brands across five segments, comprising:  Vacations: The largest seller of vacation packages and charter flights in the U.S. for travel to Mexico and the Caribbean, moving approximately 3.2 million passengers annually through well-established vacation brands Resort Brand Management: management of 5-star and 4-star luxury resorts through AMResorts® award-winning brand portfolio Destination Management Services: Best-in-class destination management services provided by Amstar® DMC and Worldstar® Loyalty Program: Exclusive loyalty program Unlimited Vacation Club® Technology Solutions: Innovative technology solutions provider Trisept Solutions®, connecting over 88,000 travel agents with leading travel suppliers.  To learn more about the Apple Leisure Group advantage, visit appleleisuregroup.com.  Our Values  At ALG, we call our employees Team Members, because we are more than just employees. We are united as a team, working toward a common mission and vision. Together, we are committed to live the core values by which we operate:  We Care • We Are Authentic • We Inspire Action • We Do It Together • We Own our Results   •We Are Hungry For More • We do Everything With Passion  Benefits at a Glance  We offer competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefit package to our U.S. based employees:  Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance Basic Life Insurance Short & Long Term Disability Paid Parental Leave Corporate Wellness Program Travel Discounts & Deals Paid Time Off & Holidays 401(k) Plan with Company Match  We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/D/V. We maintain a drug-free and tobacco-free workplace and perform pre-employment background checks."
458,458,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=16439cfc8534474c&fccid=aef928e89977f7f0&vjs=3,"About Splunk: Join us as we pursue our disruptive new vision to make machine data accessible, usable and valuable to everyone. We are a company filled with people who are passionate about our product and seek to deliver the best experience for our customers. At Splunk, we’re committed to our work, customers, having fun and most importantly to each other’s success. Learn more about Splunk careers and how you can become a part of our journey! As part of Splunk’s R&D team, we are passionate about providing quantitative analytics and evidence to inform business decisions. We partner with cross-functional business stakeholders to identify and address critical business questions and use data, analytical methods, and modeling to translate quantitative assessments into actionable insights. Analyses inform business challenges such as guiding product roadmaps, streamlining engineering development lifecycles, and accelerating customer adoption and utilization trends. We are hiring Data Scientists and Engineers who are passionate about solving practical business questions with data-driven analytics. Role: As a Data Scientist/Engineer, you will execute quantitative assessments and analytics that provide context and data-driven evidence to answer business questions. This will encompass identifying and parsing data, conducting exploratory analysis, identifying and visualizing trends, building and validating models, and translating quantitative assessments into actionable insights. Responsibilities: Develop and execute analysis plans Identify and build systematic data pipelines Develop and maintain methods to retrieve, condition, validate, synthesize, and manipulate data Conduct exploratory analysis Identify and visualizing trends Build and validate models Iterate, document, and communicate throughout problem lifecycle Requirements: Passion for solving practical data-driven business questions Self-starter with a demonstrated track record of critical thinking translated into concrete products MS or PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math, Physics, Engineering or other technical field preferred or equivalent practical experience. 2+ years of professional experience in quantitative analysis, research, data science or engineering (statistics, applied math, inference, predictive methods, uncertainty quantification, design of experiments, etc.) Strong software engineering skills in an interpreted language Experience manipulating and interpreting large and diverse datasets Strong understanding of statistical methods and software packages Excellent communication and collaboration skills We value diversity at our company. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics in the location in which the candidate is applying. For job positions in San Francisco, CA, and other locations where required, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.  (Colorado only*) Minimum base salary of $95,000. You may also be eligible for incentive pay + equity + benefits.*Note: Disclosure per sb19-085 (8-5-201 et seq)."
459,459,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=c9ab5329b3435721&fccid=39ca88c90a37b09b&vjs=3,"A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits. Review our benefits Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered."
460,460,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1e8e5f3647e88a82&fccid=c267f29f0f85e8b8&vjs=3,"We are now looking for a Data Scientist. NVIDIA has continuously reinvented itself over two decades. Our invention of the GPU in 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics, and revolutionized parallel computing. More recently, GPU deep learning ignited modern AI — the next era of computing. NVIDIA is a “learning machine” that constantly evolves by adapting to new opportunities that are hard to tackle, that only we can pursue, and that matter to the world. This is our life’s work, to amplify human creativity and intelligence. Make the choice to join us today. As an integral member of the FP&A Organization, our responsibilities are to leverage data to predict and forecast our revenue and expenses. In the role, you will work on a wide variety of projects. One project could be building a dashboard that tracks KPI's and making it easy to analyze them. Another project could be building a propensity to churn score for our fast growing SaaS businesses. You will be the subject matter authority on data and how to translate it to making better business decisions.  What you'll be doing: Interpret business trends and make recommendations to increase value of company Scale automated reporting and analytical solutions across finance organization Build out data science capabilities What we need to see: Bachelor's Degree (or equivalent experience) in Information Management, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, Math or related field 5+ years of experience in data science, data analysis/modeling, and data visualization experience in technology or banking industry Track record for implementing process improvements to manual processes Experience with SAS/SQL/Python/R/Tableau Experience with SAP BW, HANA, Analytics Cloud, and Business Objects is a plus NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers; we have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us and, due to unparalleled growth, best-in-class teams are rapidly growing. If you’re creative and autonomous with a real passion for your work, we want to hear from you! NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law."
461,461,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8b7ca0efffe52a38&fccid=39ca88c90a37b09b&vjs=3,"A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits. Review our benefits Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered."
463,463,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=16be9acf5a2e2242&fccid=1639254ea84748b5&vjs=3,"Are you passionate about Facebook’s product, analytics and technology? The Analytics team is looking for fast-moving analytics candidates and data junkies who want to make an impact. Candidates will help own analytics for a particular product or business at Facebook and work with product managers and engineers to translate the analysis into meaningful impact to the business. Please note that candidates will have a general interview and then we will make a determination of actual team assignments. Perform large-scale data analysis and develop effective statistical models for segmentation, classification, optimization, time series, etc. Design and implement reporting dashboards that track key business metrics and provide actionable insights Identify actionable insights, suggest recommendations and influence the direction of the business by effectively communicating results to cross-functional groups Work closely with Product or Engineering & Operations teams to proactively create rule and manage decisions Prioritize leads so that the teams work on the most valuable cases Suggest improvements in the tools and techniques to help scale the team Currently has, or is in the process of obtaining, a Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Economics, Statistics or related technical field Experience utilizing both qualitative analysis (e.g., content analysis, phenomenology, hypothesis testing) and quantitative analysis techniques (e.g., clustering, regression, pattern recognition, descriptive and inferential statistics) Experience in presenting qualitative and quantitative data Must obtain work authorization in country of employment at the time of hire, and maintain ongoing work authorization during employment Experience as a Programmer - Python, Perl, Java, and/or C++ Experience in collaborating with individuals and organizations Internship experience in solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com."
464,464,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8c2701c788fee97b&fccid=c1099851e9794854&vjs=3,"Summary Posted: Jun 11, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200246788 Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. We are seeking an experienced data scientist to join the Business Solutions team. An expert in advanced analytics, you are passionate about turning data into impactful insights, and driving creative data science solutions. You are skilled at creating analytical models and interactive visualizations. You are a motivated self-starter, comfortable navigating through ambiguity to evaluate complex data, analyze data from multiple angles, build analytical workflows, and use data science models to deliver findings that directly impact the business. If this describes you, then you should consider joining our team. Key Qualifications Experienced in data science, machine learning, visualization, and data storytelling; passionate about drawing insights and hidden patterns from data Meticulous attention to detail, data integrity, and data wrangling Skilled in Python or R for data science, and SQL for querying data Highly proficient in Tableau or similar BI tools Ability to articulate complex data science concepts in business terms, know how to tell a story to highlight key insights, and present analysis effectively to key partners High intellectual curiosity to learn and understand business needs Excellent interpersonal skills to collaborate with cross-functional partners to share knowledge, communicate findings, and integrate feedback Description The ideal candidate will have outstanding communication skills, proven data science and advanced analytics capabilities, strong business acumen, and an innate drive to deliver results. They will be a self-starter, comfortable with ambiguity, and enjoy working in a fast-paced dynamic environment. Key Responsibilities: • Develop custom models, algorithms, and interactive visualizations to deliver Supply Chain insights • Wrangle and analyze data to identify patterns and trends • Evaluate business needs through in-depth conversations with business users to understand the domain and apply data science for insights • Research and evaluate new technologies on data visualization, machine learning, modeling • Present key findings to leadership to evaluate business impact, in non-technical terms Education & ExperienceMS degree in Data Science, Business Analytics, Statistics, or related fields"
467,467,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=f3f946f480959a9c&fccid=978d9fd9799d55a8&vjs=3,"Who we are: Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 392 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies. Job Description Summary: This particular opportunity is within PayPal Risk. PayPal's Risk Department is responsible for partnering with global business units to manage a variety of risk types including identity fraud, account take over and credit issues. This is an exciting department where the contributions by the team members can really help PayPal's bottom line and create experiences that our customers love. We empower our teams to solve hard problems – customer problems and risk problems – in ways that our customers love, yet work for our risk business. We staff our teams with the skills necessary to come up with effective solutions that are valuable (the solution stops fraudsters and is also customer friendly), viable (the solution works within the many constraints of business), and feasible (our teams have the skills and technology to implement). While we empower our teams to figure out the best solutions to the problems that need to be solved, we also hold those teams accountable to the results. We look for candidates that are not afraid of signing up for results, even when this means they have to work through others to achieve the necessary results. You will need to be able to influence your teammates, as well as colleagues, stakeholders, and key executives, through your use of data and logic. Responsibilities include: • Accountable for ensuring risk strategy is valuable, viable and feasible. • Collaborate closely with product managers and engineers to discover effective risk prevention solutions, and then work together to implement those solutions. • Leverage story-based analytics and data science skills to predict and manage buyer risk associated with PayPal products and accounts • Work with engineering team in deploying risk decisioning strategies and enhancing systems • Trouble-shooting any data, system and flow challenge while maintaining flawless strategy execution Job Description: Necessary Qualifications: Master’s degree or equivalent practical experience. 2-3 years working on technology-powered products as either a product manager, product designer, data analyst, data scientist, or user researcher. Demonstrated ability to figure out solutions to hard problems with many constraints, using sound judgement to assess risks, and to lay out your argument in a well-structured, data-informed, written narrative. Proven ability to engage with engineers, product managers, and company leaders in a constructive and collaborative relationship. Proficiency in SQL Work experience in Risk Management is a plus. We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom. PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities."
469,469,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=16be9acf5a2e2242&fccid=1639254ea84748b5&vjs=3,"Are you passionate about Facebook’s product, analytics and technology? The Analytics team is looking for fast-moving analytics candidates and data junkies who want to make an impact. Candidates will help own analytics for a particular product or business at Facebook and work with product managers and engineers to translate the analysis into meaningful impact to the business. Please note that candidates will have a general interview and then we will make a determination of actual team assignments. Perform large-scale data analysis and develop effective statistical models for segmentation, classification, optimization, time series, etc. Design and implement reporting dashboards that track key business metrics and provide actionable insights Identify actionable insights, suggest recommendations and influence the direction of the business by effectively communicating results to cross-functional groups Work closely with Product or Engineering & Operations teams to proactively create rule and manage decisions Prioritize leads so that the teams work on the most valuable cases Suggest improvements in the tools and techniques to help scale the team Currently has, or is in the process of obtaining, a Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Economics, Statistics or related technical field Experience utilizing both qualitative analysis (e.g., content analysis, phenomenology, hypothesis testing) and quantitative analysis techniques (e.g., clustering, regression, pattern recognition, descriptive and inferential statistics) Experience in presenting qualitative and quantitative data Must obtain work authorization in country of employment at the time of hire, and maintain ongoing work authorization during employment Experience as a Programmer - Python, Perl, Java, and/or C++ Experience in collaborating with individuals and organizations Internship experience in solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com."
470,470,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=bc7955a1e24e85a4&fccid=c1099851e9794854&vjs=3,"Summary Posted: Aug 6, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200273800 Are you a big-picture thinker who loves setting ambitious goals? Do you have a passion for understanding how each line of code affects all the others? In the Core Operating Systems group we ensure that the OS is inseparable from each device’s identity as a whole. That’s because this group is committed to building fully integrated operating systems that combine hardware, software, and apps into a single Apple experience. Your dedication to cross-disciplinary collaboration will help develop groundbreaking technologies for iOS, macOS, watchOS, and tvOS. By crafting these distinct, holistic user experiences, you’ll continue to uphold and advance the excellence people expect from Apple devices. The Vector and Numerics Group within the Core Operating System is tasked with designing, enhancing and improving various subsystems running on iOS, macOS, watchOs and tvOS. Most of this support is encapsulated in the Accelerate framework, a well used library serving many technologies, such as machine learning. The group is looking for an exceptional high performance programmer to complement the team and make a difference. As a member of our fast paced group, you will have the unique opportunity to delight and inspire millions of Apple’s customers every day. You will work in a cross functional team which is implementing innovative and state of the art routines to support the necessary computation for such things as vision algorithms, machine learning training and inference. You will push the state of the art in low level computation and drive them towards energy efficient and high performance implementations by tightly integrating software and hardware. The successful candidate will have excellent understanding and knowledge of machine learning primitives and micro architecture of NEON on ARM or AVX on Intel CPU cores from a vector programming perspective. Team members are engaged in the design and optimization of low level computational support for all aspects of machine learning and computational primitives in service of models such as Object Detection, Sound and Activity Classification to mention a few. These include 2D Multi-layered convolutions and LSTM. Being able to craft the fastest and the most energy efficient routines for a particular CPU core is a plus. Low level high performance programming experience is a must for this position. Being comfortable in vector assembly and low level C is a requirement. The ideal candidate would be at ease in developing both innovative and robust CPU core level algorithms derived from a particular technology’s need in a tight deadline. Key Qualifications Low level algorithmic development in Machine Learning primitives, BLAS and FFT. Detailed knowledge of vector Instruction Set Architectures (ISA) of ARM and Intel. Strong understanding of computational efficiency. Excellent coding skills in ASM and C. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Ability to handle multiple tasks and self-prioritize. Ability to work with cross functional teams in compression related components. Description Design and implement micro architecturally optimized pieces of Accelerate framework taking into consideration performance and energy usage. Education & Experience BS/MSEE in mathematics, computer science or computer engineering required, advanced degree preferred."
472,472,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8eef50c545e19c15&fccid=c1099851e9794854&vjs=3,"Summary Posted: Jun 24, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200258297 Would you like to play a part in the next revolution in human-computer interaction? Contribute to a product that is redefining mobile and desktop computing, and work with the people who built the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done — just by asking? The vision for the Siri Data organization is to improve Siri by using data as the voice of our customers. Within this organization the mission of the Analytics team is to inform the evolution of Siri through measurement and analysis of the user experience. As a Data Scientist on the team, you will be an ambassador of analytics to language understanding, product and engineering teams with the ultimate purpose of improving the Siri experience for Apple customers Key Qualifications You think about language and complex systems in terms of statistical distributions and have a big enough toolbox to know how to find patterns in data, identify targets for performance, and identify sources of variance about those targets. You use good judgment balancing art and science when visually communicating information (e.g. Tableau, Superset, ggplot, D3, matplotlib, plotly/bokeh). You have engineered information out of massive and complex datasets (e.g. Hive, Spark, Druid, Elasticsearch/Solr). You have proven experience with at least one programming language (e.g. Python, R, Scala) and are comfortable developing code in a team environment (e.g. git, notebooks, testing). You are self-motivated and curious with demonstrated creative and critical thinking capabilities and an innate drive to improve how things work. You have a high tolerance for ambiguity. You find a way through. You anticipate. You connect and synthesize! You have excellent verbal and written communications skills and experience in influencing decisions with information. Your academic background is in a quantitative field such as Computer Science, Computational Linguistics, Mathematics/Statistics, Engineering, Economics or Physics. Advanced degree preferred. Description Partner with multiple language-understanding and product engineering teams to understand systemic behavior of Siri and develop methods for evaluating component and model interactions, bias propagation, and hierarchical optimization. Define metrics that we will measure our efforts against as well as defining the instrumentation required for yielding sufficient data. Communicate with and advocate to a wide audience of engineers, managers and executives to inform decisions on how Siri's capabilities evolve. Build analytic, visualization, and other information products with a drive to automate and scale the insights available to science and engineering teams. Perform exploratory data analyses to enrich our mental models about Siri usage and identify new questions to pursue. Extract information from structured and unstructured data coming from Siri's computational architecture. We are looking for people with a track record in building insights and relationships to affect decisions. Join us, and impact hundreds of millions of customers across billions of their interactions with a personal, intelligent assistant who is available on iPhone, iPad, HomePod, Watch, TV, and Mac across more than 30 languages! Additional Requirements Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics."
473,473,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=f41b17011ebf5f8b&fccid=66403b30a2c0d89c&vjs=3, Netflix Culture
478,478,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=81f333bf1a6fee8a&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3," Master's in Computer Science, Mathematics, Machine Learning, or related quantitative field Experience programming in Java, C++, Python or related language  Alexa is the groundbreaking voice service that powers Echo and other devices designed around your voice. Our team is creating the science and technology behind Alexa. We’re working hard, having fun, and making history. Come join our team! You will have an enormous opportunity to impact the customer experience, design, architecture, and implementation of a cutting edge product used every day by people you know. We’re looking for a passionate, talented, and inventive scientist to help build industry-leading conversational technologies that customers love. As an Applied Scientist, you will work with talented peers to develop novel machine learning algorithms and modeling techniques to advance the state of the art in speech and audio processing. Your work will directly impact our customers in the form of novel products and services that make use of speech and language technology. You will leverage Amazon’s heterogeneous data sources and large-scale computing resources to accelerate advances in spoken language understanding. You will mentor junior scientists, create and drive new initiatives.   Solid publication records Strong technical curiosity and ability to invent Strong understanding of software engineering best practices Relevant experience working effectively with science, data processing, and software engineering teams  Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us"
480,480,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8e18966c7b3e7344&fccid=aef928e89977f7f0&vjs=3," For job positions in San Francisco, CA, and other locations where required, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.  (Colorado only*) Minimum base salary of $135,000. You may also be eligible for incentive pay + equity + benefits.*Note: Disclosure per sb19-085 (8-5-201 et seq)."
482,482,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ae37674024972ea3&fccid=1ba7f338730ce720&vjs=3,"ABOUT STANFORD UNIVERSITY AND RESIDENTIAL & DINING ENTERPRISES: Stanford University, located between San Francisco and San Jose in the heart of California's Silicon Valley, is one of the world's leading teaching and research universities. Since its opening in 1891, Stanford has been dedicated to finding solutions to big challenges and to preparing students for leadership in a complex world.  Residential & Dining Enterprises (R&DE), the largest auxiliary organization at Stanford University, supports the academic mission of the University by providing high-quality services to students and other members of the university community. The department has an annual operating budget of over $350M, operates 24/7/365, and oversees a $3B asset portfolio comprising a 7 million sq. ft. physical plant across the campus. In autumn quarter of the 2021-22 academic year, R&DE will return to providing housing for over 13,000 students and dependents, serving meals at 17 dining halls, 12 retail locations, and operating athletic concessions and conference operations. Additionally, R&DE comprises 900 FTE staff in the following divisions: Student Housing Operations, Stanford Dining, Stanford Hospitality & Auxiliaries, Stanford Conferences, Maintenance Operations and Capital Projects, and a team of R&DE strategic business partners: Finance & Administration, Information Technology, Human Resources, and Strategic Communications.  “Students (Customers) First” is the mantra of R&DE and our strategic goals reflect our commitment to delivering quality and excellence to our constituents every day. In R&DE,“Excellence is defined by aligning our strategic goals and performance with our vision.”  Stanford and R&DE are committed to creating and sustaining a diverse environment. R&DE’s dedication to promoting diversity, multiculturalism, and inclusion is reflected in our work of providing service excellence to our students. Diversity is more than a commitment—it is foundational to what we do. We are fully focused on equality and believe deeply in diversity of race, gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, national origin and all the other characteristics that make us different. ABOUT MAINTENANCE OPERATIONS & CAPITAL PROJECTS (MCP) This division supports all R&DE operations and provides strong stewardship of its facilities by delivering daily and preventive maintenance, executing 50-year asset renewal model, managing design and construction of capital and other essential projects, infusing sustainability, safeguarding occupational health and safety, monitoring life-safety systems and after-hours security, overseeing furnishings/fixtures and parts inventory, administering move services and the fleet, managing utilities and waste, ensuring emergency preparedness and business continuity, and providing space and property administration. JOB PURPOSE: R&DE MCP seeks a Sustainability Analyst to support its sustainability goals and drive efficiency across its portfolio of buildings and operational units (student housing, dining, catering, and administration services). The candidate is responsible for providing analytic support for all sustainability projects with data-related needs and for setting an overall strategy for the collection, analysis, management, and communication of data and metrics. This individual will synthesize complex data from multiple sources into compelling stories, reports and efficiency programs. CORE DUTIES*: Perform program management activities independently including designing, communicating, compiling, and reporting program performance indicators, trends and metrics to various organizations and stakeholders. Create and make presentations to showcase results, savings, and progress on all program aspects. Manage program budget, 3rd party vendors and contractors. Represent Stanford in industry and community events. May manage junior staff or student interns. Analytical Program Management roles include: managing the data collection and reporting process for surveys, reports, and publications; managing the analysis of campus sustainability performance and cases for various third party evaluations and surveys; managing various data-driven assessment projects for campus buildings, maintaining communication and outreach related to these programs; and designing, communicating, compiling, and reporting key sustainability performance indicators, trends and metrics to various organizations and stakeholders. Outreach Program Management roles include: designing, planning and delivering campus education and training components of sustainability programs and services, raising campus awareness of sustainability goals and practices; managing schools’ and departments’ coordination for increasing the adoption of sustainability programs and services; managing sustainability publications, collateral, website and other online presentation; sourcing and coordinating external sustainability publicity and promotional opportunities; and submitting proposals for national and regional conferences.  - Other duties may also be assigned ADDITIONAL CORE DUTIES: Collect, manage, and ensure the quality and integrity of data from multiple university partners, external vendors, and sources [e.g., energy, water, purchasing, food, transportation, waste, occupancy, temperature, weather, student survey results and maintenance work orders]. Develop and manage data pipelines that source, centralize, analyze, and enhance the quality of data. Brings today’s best practices from artificial intelligence, machine learning, and data science to bear on campus sustainability opportunities, to generate new insights into familiar challenges. Ensure efficient and integrated data collection processes and development of robust reporting and analytics. Manage the development of a sustainability analytics database. Support the use of the campus as a testbed for innovation, and work with faculty, students, and staff to enhance campus-based applied sustainability research; supervise research assistants and/or interns as needed. Support the adoption of software programs, tools and sensors that enhance data aggregation, integrity, reporting, and visualization. Manage relationships with vendors associated with data collection or management. Develop sustainability financial reporting templates and perform cost analyses where appropriate to support new operational decision making Translate complex data into compelling stories and visual representations. Serve as a content expert on sustainability data and environmental performance metrics. Ensure data accuracy through continuous audits and data cleaning techniques. Communicate regularly with facility managers and occupants to convey progress on sustainability indicators and programs. Manage programs as assigned including R&DE’s Ecobee thermostat and AWAIR program. Collaborate closely with University and R&DE IT to ensure software programs and program components communicate correctly and are compliant with security requirements. Develop, distribute, and analyze survey results. Continuously evaluate and improve service, cost, and efficiency in a proactive basis. Support all programs in the MCP Sustainability and Utility office as needed, such as those aimed at reducing waste, energy, water, and green cleaning. Ability to participate in diverse and inclusive work teams toward common vision or goal(s); establishes oneself as an essential team contributor.  MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: Education & Experience: Bachelor’s degree and five years of relevant experience, or combination of education and relevant experience. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Familiarity with higher education organizational and operational structures with the ability to objectively think through initiatives’ impact in an institutional setting. Knowledge and clear understanding of green building practices, sustainability opportunities and the technical expertise for addressing such concerns. Ability to manage a complex and often competing set of priorities in a high-pressure, results-oriented environment. Strong communication skills, both written and oral (including proofreading) and ability to use sound judgment in following policies and procedures, using creativity to solve problems. Demonstrated skill in the use of spreadsheets, database programs, and word processing programs and basic-intermediate skills in creative programs suits (Adobe Acrobat, Illustrator and/or Photoshop).  DESIRED REQUIREMENTS*:  Experience with data management, analytics, and statistical programming languages. Working knowledge of Python (preferred) or “R”. Proven ability to create compelling data visualizations. Experience working with energy and/or sustainability metrics. Proven ability to deliver results and translate qualitative actions into quantitative impact. Persuasive style and motivational skills that drive participation across a large population of stakeholders. Innovative, iterative mindset to tackle problematic materials and areas for behavioral, design and technological improvement. Ability to effectively communicate orally and in writing with diverse audiences; ability to explain technical concepts clearly and concisely. Must possess strong organizational, time management and project management skills, with the ability to support multiple projects of various types at different stages with an emphasis on accuracy and meeting milestones and deadlines. Good balance of initiative and results, with the ability to work both independently and as part of a team. Sound project management skill to translate ideas into action and deliver results to stakeholders. Demonstrates effective emotional intelligence, especially in situations with time constraints.  Certifications and Licenses: None PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS*: Frequently sitting, perform desk-based computer tasks, lift/carry/push/pull objects that weigh up to 10 pounds. Occasionally stand/walk, twist/bend/stoop/squat, grasp lightly/fine manipulation, use a telephone, lift/carry/push/pull objects that weigh up to 11-20 pounds. Rarely kneel, crawl, climb ladders, reach/work above shoulder, twist/bend/stoop/squat, grasp lightly/fine manipulation, grasp forcefully, write by hand, sort and file paperwork or parts, operate foot and/or hand controls, carry, push, and pull objects that weigh 40 pounds or more. Ability to maintain a valid non-commercial California Driver's license.  - Consistent with its obligations under the law, the University will provide reasonable accommodation to any employee with a disability who requires accommodation to perform the essential functions of his or her job. WORKING CONDITIONS: Must wear personal protective equipment as defined/required by job assignments. Work on weekends and evenings. Work involves long hours of standing and sustained communications/dialogue. May work in mechanical equipment rooms, kitchens, waste management areas, construction sites. Travel, local and non-local.  WORK STANDARDS: When conducting university business, must comply with the California Vehicle Code and Stanford University driving requirements. Interpersonal Skills: Demonstrates the ability to work well with Stanford’s colleagues and clients and with external organizations. Promote Culture of Safety: Demonstrates commitment to personal responsibility and value for safety; communicates safety concerns; uses and promotes safe behaviors based on training and lessons learned. Subject to and expected to comply with all applicable University policies and procedures, including but not limited to the personnel policies and other policies found in the University's Administrative Guide, http://adminguide.stanford.edu.  The job duties listed are typical examples of work performed by positions in this job classification and are not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, tasks, and responsibilities. Specific duties and responsibilities may vary depending on department or program needs without changing the general nature and scope of the job or level of responsibility. Employees may also perform other duties as assigned.  Consistent with its obligations under the law, the University will provide reasonable accommodation to any employee with a disability who requires accommodation to perform the essential functions of his or her job.  Stanford is an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.  “This role is designated as essential and requires incumbents to report to the worksite. Telecommute is not an option for this role.”"
483,483,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=fc7f797f7f058f28&fccid=2dc2f35c3405a529&vjs=3,"ESSENTIAL JOB RESPONSIBILITIES: Ensure the functioning of the SPT program, including training and responding to help requests. Conduct reviews of SPT events in a timely fashion. Review current SPT charts and limits. Devise and execute on activities to improve, expand, and promote the SPT program. Help draft documents and manage information associated with the SPT program. Perform data analysis in support of production and Technical Operations (i.e., Assay Support and Process Engineering). Engage in activities to monitor the status and value of the SPT program to ensure the production of quality products Setup Dashboards and visualization tools to help support Failure Investigation team  REQUIREMENTS: Education or Experience (in years): Bachelor’s degree in field with 2+ years of related work experience OR Master’s degree in field with 0-1 year of related work experience  Knowledge and Skills: Strong communication skills with the ability to communicate effectively with cross-functional and international colleagues Ability to solve problems by leveraging existing solutions and balancing analytics with practicality Driven to professional development with a strong desire to learn new skills. Confidence working independently with minimal supervision. Proficient in the Microsoft suite of software tools (e.g., Word and Excel). Passion over data, statistics, and analytics. Experience and comfort working in a GMP and FDA-regulated environment. Understand SQL queries with some background knowledge in programing"
484,484,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=bc7653dfb87a7df6&fccid=7942658690eba67c&vjs=3,"Abbott is a global healthcare leader that helps people live more fully at all stages of life. Our portfolio of life-changing technologies spans the spectrum of healthcare, with leading businesses and products in diagnostics, medical devices, nutritionals, and branded generic medicines. Our 109,000 colleagues serve people in more than 160 countries. For years, Abbott’s medical device businesses have offered technologies that are faster, more effective, and less invasive. Whether it’s glucose monitoring systems, innovative therapies for treating heart disease, or products that help people with chronic pain or movement disorders, our medical device technologies are designed to help people live their lives better and healthier. Every day, our technologies help more than 10,000 people have healthier hearts, improve quality of life for thousands of people living with chronic pain and movement disorders, and liberate more than 500,000 people with diabetes from routine ﬁngersticks. Our location in Santa Clara, CA or remote for those not in the area has an opportunity for a Sr. Statistician I. He/she will Assist on the design, analysis, interpretation, and documentation of statistical results. Provide statistical consultation to technical staff, management, and interact with regulatory agencies. Responsible for the development of statistical procedures to ensure consistency and use of most adequate statistical technique’s division wide. Develop statistical material and provide training to statisticians and non-statisticians. WHAT YOU’LL DO Responsible for compliance with applicable Corporate and Divisional policies and procedures.Responsible for design and statistical methodology selection, sample size justification,  randomization order and protocol acceptance criteria.Provide appropriate statistical input into study design and data analysis. ensuring clear achievable purpose and scope. Statistical DataAssist study team on implementing statistical methodologies as defined in the protocol and on defining alternative analysis strategies when changes are needed.Assist on data analysis and results interpretation.Assist on the validation of statistical programs.Assist project team on data interpretation, inferences, and documentation of statistical results.Participate in the preparation of data for publications and/or regulatory submissions ConsultationAssist peers to develop efficient designs, protocols, and reports per agreed timelines.Present statistical concepts and arguments to management, regulatory agencies and scientists.Effectively represent the Statistical group on cross functional initiative teams. Training, MentoringDevelop statistical modules and provide formal training to statisticians and non-statisticians. Project Coordination and Regulatory ActivitiesResponsible for the accuracy and appropriateness of statistical inputs provided for regulatory submissions and development decisions. Problem SolvingIdentify issues, challenges, or opportunities and determines whether action is needed.Encourage others to generate options for action to address and issue or problem.Encourage boundary breaking by challenging colleagues to question established work processes. YOUR REQUIRED EXPERIENCE(S), EDUCATION AND KNOWLEDGE RequiredBS in Statistics or related field with 6+ years, or MS with 2+ years, or PhDExperience with Bayesian study design/analysis (is a plus)Competent in clinical trial designs, sampling plans, equivalence studies, confidence and reliability testing and statistical analysis for test method evaluationKnowledge in appropriate statistical software such as SAS, R, or JMPExperience in clinical statistical programming, statistical writing, data analysis, data  Management processes. WHAT WE OFFER At Abbott, you can have a good job that can grow into a great career. We offer: Training and career development, with onboarding programs for new employees and tuition assistance Financial security through competitive compensation, incentives, and retirement plans Health care and well-being programs including medical, dental, vision, wellness, and occupational health programs Paid time off 401(k) retirement savings with a generous company match The stability of a company with a record of strong financial performance and history of being actively involved in local communities Learn more about our benefits that add real value to your life to help you live fully: http://www.abbottbenefits.com/pages/candidate.aspx Follow your career aspirations to Abbott for diverse opportunities with a company that provides the growth and strength to build your future. Abbott is an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to employee diversity."
485,485,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1c4579716038b220&fccid=69c7d55b78dc7424&vjs=3,"It's fun to work in a company where people truly BELIEVE in what they're doing!  We're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business.  The Role Do you have a passion for applying machine learning to hard problems? Do you keep up with the state of the art in deep learning, clustering, and model explainability, but know when to fall back on simple, battle-tested approaches like logistic regression, DBSCAN, and k -nearest neighbors? Are you cuckoo for cuckoo graphs (or any other graphs, for that matter)? If so, Proofpoint's Analytics and Intelligence team is looking for you! Our team combines algorithm design, software engineering, and domain knowledge into first-of-their-kind security products leveraging massive email, SaaS, and threat intelligence data sets. Your primary focus will be applying your skills in areas like anomaly detection, graph mining, clustering, generative analytics, and of course classification, to build groundbreaking new services that protect people from malware, phishing, social engineering, and other cyber attacks. We're a fast-paced, high-energy team where you'll be given the opportunity to have a significant impact. The team has a solid engineering culture that values the craftsmanship of writing great software, enjoys learning, and thrives on solving big problems. Your day-to-day Work with product management, engineering, and UX from problem definition to first hypothesis to final delivery Trawl massive data sets – mail flow with billions of messages per day, browser and SaaS activity for millions of users, an intelligence graph with trillions of data points – for insight into cybersecurity’s biggest challenges Blend information from disparate sources to build and optimize classification, regression, and clustering systems Conduct ad-hoc analysis and innovation around data visualization and information design Mentor and uplevel junior data scientists What you bring to the team Advanced degree in computer science, statistics, or applied math, or real-world experience in security research and data science The rigor and precision of a scientist, with an artist’s intuition and flair Experience applying ML algorithms and techniques to living, breathing data An abiding interest in data science trends, from the mainstream to the bleeding edge A history of building scalable processes to collect, manipulate, and analyze massive volumes of data Familiarity with mature data science toolchains like Python’s (NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, scikit-learn, PyTorch, Gensim, etc.) If you like wild growth and working with happy, enthusiastic over-achievers, you'll enjoy your career with us!"
487,487,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=7e2d6334776077e6&fccid=44009c0a01dfb8f3&vjs=3,"Position: Software Development Engineer in Data Science Department: Data Science & Engineering Reports To: Director, Data Science & Engineering Affinity Solutions is the first data-led intelligence platform that uses purchase signals as the authoritative source of truth in helping marketers, agencies and media organizations deliver emotionally resonant experiences that enrich people’s lives. Building on our foundation of innovative solutions for Financial Institutions and Retailers that drive acquisition, share of wallet and loyalty, we’re redefining data driven marketing to make it highly personalized. Our unique approach turns consumer data intelligence into actions, and encourages consumers to opt-in. Our solutions are proven to drive shopping behavior and engagement that unlock brand and market share growth for our clients. Affinity Solutions is looking for a self-motivated Software Development Engineer to lead the design and development of our entity extraction and resolution platform by leveraging technologies that make it fast, automated, and scalable. Responsibilities: Build, automate and manage components of Affinity’s proprietary text entity extraction and resolution platform. Build, automate and manage data ingestion and transformation pipelines for master data management, deep-learning, and predictive analytics Lead the data governance and profiling efforts to ensure quality and maintain proper meta-data documentation for data lineage. Provide technical input into build/buy/partner decisions for all components of the data infrastructure. Collaborate with diverse technical and non-technical teams located across multiple time-zones on client deliverables and technical support Participate in and contribute to design and code reviews  Qualifications: Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or a related field such as Mathematics and Statistics, preferably with a focus on Data Analytics. 2+ years of experience in building data ingestion and transformation pipeline. 2+ years of experience programming in Python, Apache Spark, and Hadoop. Experience working on UNIX / Linux development and production environments Experience working in Agile software development environments Experience working on cloud platforms such as AWS or GCP Experience working in at least one of the following domains is preferred: Information Retrieval, Named Entity Recognizer, Text Classification, Topic Modeling, Language Models, and Search Optimization. Strong written and verbal communication skills Ability to manage multiple conflicting priorities, take proactive ownership of problems and outcomes, think outside the box.  As a full-time employee of Affinity Solutions, benefits begin on the first of the month following your date of hire with a generous employer contribution for medical, dental, and vision. In addition to company paid holidays, wellness time off, other wellness benefits, and employee discounts, you will also get employer paid life insurance and have the option to enroll into an employer matched 401K Plan. Affinity Solutions strongly encourages work/life balance by providing unlimited vacation days starting on your first day of employment."
488,488,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=31e3d8321fefac25&fccid=734cb5a01ee60f80&vjs=3, Required Qualifications:
493,493,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=0299ef5c448d8464&fccid=189d9431c3c1e8ca&vjs=3,"Sony Corporation of America , located in New York, NY , is the U.S. headquarters of Sony Corporation, based in Tokyo, Japan. Sony's principal U.S. businesses include Sony Electronics Inc., Sony Mobile Communications (USA) Inc., Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC., Sony Pictures Entertainment Inc., Sony Music Entertainment, and Sony/ATV Music Publishing LLC. With some 900 million Sony devices in hands and homes worldwide today, a vast array of Sony movies, television shows and music, and the PlayStation Network, Sony creates and delivers more entertainment experiences to more people than anyone else on earth. To learn more: www.sony.com . Sony's R&D Center already have teams and assets in the data science domain and have  been applying to various business domains of Sony (e.g. finance). Looking at Sony's  India business, Sony Pictures Network in India have quite large amount of user  behavior data and huge opportunities of growth. Key Responsibilities  Together with the team's data scientist or research engineers, apply Sony Research  Center's internal research assets and/or technologies on market and OSS, to address  Sony's various business pain points and propose technical or business level solutions. Responsibilities include: Analyzing and defining business problems Defining rough technology and system requirement to solve the problems Planning of business action to solve/improve the problems using results of data analytics Defining business goals, KGIs, KPIs Defining workflow and decision making process Defining/designing a rough data flow of whole systems Collection , learn/predict, application, operation Reporting effectiveness of data analytics systems for business people Hiring of adequate scientists / research engineers to suit the domain needs Developing data driven culture in team Interlinkage: Need to work together with: Sony R&D Center Tokyo, US , Europe, etc SPN India Other Sony development team in India, Japan and US Work Location: Mumbai or Bangalore, India May need to stay for a few weeks in Tokyo / US  Essential Education / Qualifications / Experience: 10 years of total experience of which at least 5 years in one or more of following or equivalent experience: More than TWO professional experience on leading data analytic and executing of creation and proposal of technical / business proof of concept. Professional experience with requirement definition and operation of data analytics projects Good knowledge on data analytics technologies and basic statistics Good knowledge on BI tools and its usage Preferred Qualifications / Experience: One or more of following or equivalent experience: Professional experience with designing a data flow Academic basis in the domain of data analytics Master degree of Business Administration Critical Success Factors: Strong will to contribute Sony’s entertainment business with technologies Good communication skills with engineer side (data scientists, machine learning engineers, system engineers etc.) and business side(business planner, marketer, sales etc. Positive attitude and genuine enthusiasm for data driven business process Apply at RDCIndia.Opportunities@sony.com Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religious creed, sex (including pregnancy), gender, national origin, citizenship, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, military status, status as a veteran or disabled veteran, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital or family status, genetic information, medical condition, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state, or local law, ordinance, or regulation. Disability Accommodation for Applicants to Sony Corporation of America Sony Corporation of America provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in job application procedures. For reasonable accommodation requests, please contact us by email at careers@sonyusa.com or by mail to: Sony Corporation of America, Human Resources Department, 25 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10010. Please indicate the position you are applying for."
494,494,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=f045a3d1edff430a&fccid=c1099851e9794854&vjs=3,"Summary Posted: Jul 1, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200241919 The HomeKit team provides the foundation that enables an entire ecosystem of secure and intelligent home connectivity. We are developing technologies and crafting experiences that revolutionize the way people harmonize with the accessories around them. The team is seeking a hardworking Data Scientist to push the boundaries of data collection, processing and visualization and building a foundation of data driven decision-making for a growing team. Key Qualifications Foundation in data science, machine learning, and analytics, including statistical data analysis and A/B testing. 5+ years of proven experience building data science driven solutions to tackle business problems. Ability to dive into the details on product features and underlying architecture in order to help define success criteria and the ways we can measure that via metrics and other approaches. This will involve close collaboration with the engineering teams that develop those features. Conceive and design end-to-end optimized data modeling pipelines and customer analytic scripted solutions. Strong programming skills, including data-querying skills (SQL and/or Spark, etc.) and experience with a scripting language for data processing and development (e.g., Python, R, or Scala). Proven experience working with Tableau or other data visualization technologies. Ability to work multi-functionally with other Apple organizations including Marketing, Data Analytics, User Studies, Siri and application development teams. Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to naturally explain difficult technical topics to everyone from data scientists to engineers to business partners and leaders. Description The HomeKit organization is looking for an experienced and highly motivated data scientist! You will partner across engineering groups building extraordinary home related products, and promote a culture of using data to measure, understand, and improve our products and features. You have a background that fuses data science, engineering, and product thinking. You have years of practical experience building measurement, evaluation, and insights to improve products. IN THIS ROLE, YOU WILL: Work closely with leadership and engineering teams to help define and prioritize the insights we need to make the very best products Drive the generation of insights from raw, unstructured data to improve existing features and explore strategic directions. Develop extensive knowledge of existing metrics, advocating for changes where needed. Work closely with engineering teams to guarantee the consistency and validity of metrics across platforms, modalities and languages. Conduct analysis that includes data gathering and requirement specifications, processing, analysis, and report generation. Drive regular insights reports and presentations with Apple’s leadership teams. Tackle difficult, non-routine analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed. Partner with your peers to build and prototype analysis pipelines that provide insights at scale. Promote adoption of best practices and build greater awareness of common data analysis pitfalls. Education & Experience BS or MS in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Software Engineering or Systems Engineering"
495,495,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=44d81949affdc9ec&fccid=69c7d55b78dc7424&vjs=3,"It's fun to work in a company where people truly BELIEVE in what they're doing!  We're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business.  The Role Would you like to apply cutting edge data science techniques to help protect the world against cyber threats? You get to work with unique data sets and craft peta byte scale solutions to help protect some of the most targeted people especially in fortune 500 companies. One of the things that makes the problem space so challenging is that dynamic nature of the threat landscape. We need to outsmart the threat actors and be two steps ahead of the game. This is where static rule based systems can’t keep up with the sheer number of threat features we deal with and we need smarter machine learning solutions to help tackle the problem. You will be part of design and development of new game changing solutions that have a real impact on the next generation security solutions at Proofpoint. Your day-to-day Ability to mentor and up level junior data scientists Experience with crafting deep learning solutions Solid Understanding of programming fundamentals What you bring to the team 5+ yrs working as a data scientist with large scale systems. Good understanding of machine learning algorithms, tools and platforms Experience in at least one of these Toolkits - numpy , scipy , scikit -learn, tensorflow , pytorch , keras , genism, vowpal wabbit, etc. Good Python proficiency Self-starter and intellectual curiosity Great communication skills and ability to simplify data science concepts to stakeholders Proficiency in data exploration techniques and tools #LI-JL3 If you like wild growth and working with happy, enthusiastic over-achievers, you'll enjoy your career with us!"
496,496,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=07be7aebab1f9885&fccid=281afef2f966dcf1&vjs=3,"Confluent is pioneering a fundamentally new category of data infrastructure focused on data in motion. Have you ever found a new favorite series on Netflix, picked up groceries curbside at Walmart, or paid for something using Square? That’s the power of data in motion in action—giving organizations instant access to the massive amounts of data that is constantly flowing throughout their business. At Confluent, we’re building the foundational platform for this new paradigm of data infrastructure. Our cloud-native offering is designed to be the intelligent connective tissue enabling real-time data, from multiple sources, to constantly stream across the organization. With Confluent, organizations can create a central nervous system to innovate and win in a digital-first world. We’re looking for self-motivated team members who crave a challenge and feel energized to roll up their sleeves and help realize Confluent’s enormous potential. Chart your own path and take healthy risks as we solve big problems together. We value having diverse teams and want you to grow as we grow—whether you’re just starting out in your career or managing a large team, you’ll be amazed at the magnitude of your impact. The mission of the Data team at Confluent is to serve as the central nervous system of all things data for the company: we build analytics infrastructures, metrics, insights, and models, to empower data-driven thinking, and optimize every part of the business. There are limitless opportunities for an ambitious data analyst to make an immediate and meaningful impact within a hyper growth start-up. We are now looking for a talented and driven individual to accelerate data and analytics efforts and boost our Field Operations trajectory - Sales, Customer Success, Business Development. This person will work closely with our C-suite executives and operation teams to develop and deliver high quality reporting, insights, and recommendations to drive better and faster decisions. Successful candidates will exhibit technical acumen and business savvy, with a passion for making an impact, through creative storytelling and timely actions. Responsibilities: Partner with Customer Solution Group Leadership, Strategy & Ops business partners to frame problems, both mathematically and within the business context Perform data deep dives to gain business insight and gain buy-ins from stakeholders through live readout Create production dashboard to help track and interpret key performance metrics Drive and improve operationalization process with cross functional partners and stakeholders Collaborate with other data scientists across our organization to share best practices, learn new analytical techniques, and champion an organizational culture where data is central to decision making What We're Looking For: 1+ years of experience in data manipulations and analytics Strong proficiency in SQL and Python for data manipulations (1+ years of experience) Proficiency in data visualization (eg. Tableau, Python, Metabase, Looker, Matlab, etc.) (1+ years of experience) Bachelor or advanced degree in a quantitative discipline: statistics, operations research, computer science, informatics, engineering, applied mathematics, economics, etc. The ability to communicate cross-functionally, derive requirements and deliver insightful reports and analysis; ability to synthesize, simplify and explain complex problems to different types of audiences What Give You An Edge: 3+ years of experience in data manipulations and analytics Experience working with B2B data sources: such as Salesforce, Clari, Zendesk, GainInsights, Marketo, etc. Experience working with SaaS business analytics: key go to market funnel metrics, Sales pipeline measurement, customer retention, etc. #LI-CM2 Come As You Are At Confluent, equality is a core tenet of our culture. We are committed to building an inclusive global team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, beliefs, and experiences. The more diverse we are, the richer our community and the broader our impact. Click here to review our California Candidate Privacy Notice, which describes how and when Confluent, Inc., and its group companies, collects, uses, and shares certain personal information of California job applicants and prospective employees. #LI-Remote"
497,497,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=e3f3f984ab474c69&fccid=c1099851e9794854&vjs=3,"Summary Posted: Jun 29, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200257960 The people here at Apple don’t just create products – we build the kind of wonder that’s revolutionized entire industries! It’s the diversity of our people and their ideas that encourages the innovation that runs through everything we do, from amazing technology to industry-leading environmental efforts. Join Apple and help us leave the world better than we found it! As part of a team of Retail-Online analytics specialists, you’re deeply committed to the two-sided challenge of supporting the Apple’s Retail Real Estate teams to drive data driven decision making, strategic insights and long term planning activities and help craft business strategies that are fueled by the output of this process. The position will be located in Cupertino and will work with the Manager – Online Analytics. Key Qualifications 5-7 years leading sophisticated data science projects as an individual contributor. Expert knowledge in developing econometric models, frameworks and solutions that help drive decision making and business strategy. Expert level knowledge of applied regression techniques including, but not limited to: Linear, Logistic, Mixed models, Distributed Lags, Time Series, GLM & Simultaneous Equations. Understanding of Experimental design, causal impact and Bayesian techniques to tackle complex business problems. Demonstrated proficiency in synthesizing sophisticated analysis into simple, meaningful and measurable insights for leadership consumption whilst building tools for practical applications. Hands on Python/R experience across both structured and distributed data environments with expertise across machine learning and data science libraries (e.g., scikit-learn, pandas, matplotlib, seaborn, tidyverse, etc.). Excellent written and oral communications skills to prepare, present and explain sophisticated analyses to key partners including senior leadership. Description The Retail-Online Analytics team is responsible for providing insights and analytical solutions to Digital Marketing and Marcom, Online Merchandising and eCommerce commercial teams, Online Product Management, Retail Real Estate as well as Finance partners. We are seeking an experienced Data Scientist within the Decision Support COE to drive and execute strategic data science projects for Apple Retail. This role will primarily focus on: - Developing sophisticated econometric models that help understand efficiency and returns on future investment decisions - Drive strategic insights by diving deep into the data to uncover trends and patterns that support larger business objectives - Connect the dots between multiple complex sources of data within Apple to stitch a cohesive story backed by data driven approach - Proactiveness in exploring complex data, systems, tools whist working collaboratively across teams in driving projects forward Education & Experience Master’s Degree in Statistics, GIS, Applied Economics, or related disciplines with 5 or more of related work experience Bachelor’s Degree considered with at least 7+ years of relevant work experience"
498,498,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=997d54dc6c0ccf8d&fccid=2dc2f35c3405a529&vjs=3,"In this role, you will have the opportunity to: Communicate complex and controversial analytics and findings to non-technical business stakeholders using clear language, visualization, and other means Lead and participate in cross-functional projects within a formalized Project Management Organization (PMO) structure. Develop new data systems and business process which precede data analytics. Make autonomous decisions about which methodology and technology is used to accomplish higher-level objectives.  The essential requirements of the job include: Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Industrial Engineering, Supply Chain Management, or other relevant field. 8+ Years job experience in data analytics, data science, biotech industry, and/or supply chain management High proficiency in: Python, SQL, Power Query/DAX, Excel, SAP, ERP and MRP Strong grasp of end-to-end data process: business users à data systems (ERP, databases, PLM, websites) à ETL/data warehouse à analysis & visualization à business decision Ability to work independently, with guidance in only the most complex situations  It would be a plus if you also possess previous experience in: Full stack development Solvers and optimization (LP/MIP)  When you join us, you’ll also be joining Danaher’s global organization, where 69,000 people wake up every day determined to help our customers win. As an associate, you’ll try new things, work hard, and advance your skills with guidance from dedicated leaders, all with the support of powerful Danaher Business System tools and the stability of a tested organization."
500,500,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=3d4c20d7e40abc4e&fccid=f7f27aafffbc37a6&vjs=3,"Roku is looking for a Data Scientist to work on improving end user experience. It is part of a centralized analytics team, with all the benefits that entails: a world class peer group, shared analytics tools, career growth, and more."
501,501,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=149fcf356850eb6d&fccid=86e9be6ce380173e&vjs=3,"Tesla is making advanced electric vehicles, batteries, and drive systems while changing the future of the transportation and energy storage industries. Our mission is to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy. We are building a technically strong, motivated and fast-moving engineering team which prides itself on superior execution. The Tesla Test Engineering Laboratory is responsible for verifying the thermal, electrical, and mechanical reliability of components and systems throughout Tesla products. We are seeking a data scientist who will be responsible for architecting a solution to process and visualize reliability data through the entire product development cycle. Primary focus will be on powertrain systems which includes electric motors and inverters. Daily duties include: Understand the set-up and execution of thermal, electric-mechanical tests and its data pipeline Coordinating the data visualization needs of multiple internal teams and programs Collecting and interpreting data from a variety of data acquisition systems (tdms, csv, MDF) Automating post-processing of data to determine pass and fail criteria Develop intelligence in software to alert engineering team of product failures Compare batches of devices under test (DUT) from one product release to another Ideal candidates will display aptitude in the following areas, and an overarching passion for understanding and improving complex systems: Basic understanding of powertrain systems Experienced Python developer utilizing key data science tools: Anaconda, machine learning, NumPy, Pandas Experienced with database systems supporting data science and SQL Exposure to instrumentation and data acquisition basics Ideal experience includes the following: BS Computer Science or Electrical Engineering & Computer Science (EECS) Have demonstrated in designing and deploying a turnkey data pipeline in product development 2-5 years of Python programming required 1-3 years of industry experience related to product development"
503,503,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=14f11c895302c402&fccid=90344e51e9e06acc&vjs=3,"Wealthfront is the leader in the vision to deliver financial optimization and automation to everyone. Data and its proper use is crucial to that vision and the data science team plays a fundamental role in understanding and interpreting those data sources. The data science team analyzes our rich financial and behavioral data to make key business decisions, creates data products to deliver personalized product experiences, and develops best in class investment algorithms. The team draws from a variety of backgrounds in Computer Science & Engineering, Statistics, Economics, Math, Operations Research, and Financial Engineering. We derive strength from this diversity and are constantly learning and teaching each other in a down-to-earth, fun-loving environment. We are neither too big where you would be just another cog in the system, nor are we too small that none of our efforts can be realized. You will be challenged with meaningful and substantial technical problems which will help you learn and grow. Join our passionate and innovative team with your fresh ideas and initiative to deliver on this great vision. We are seeking an analytics data scientist to join the Wealthfront data science team. The primary responsibility of this role is to provide statistical and machine learning expertise to either the growth or marketing areas of the company. Your focus will span topics related to a/b experimentation, dashboarding/visualizations, and model building with an emphasis on interpretability and actionable insights. The ideal candidate will interface with the areas and address their business needs while maintaining the rigors of a sound technical analysis. Responsibilities: Perform ad hoc data analyses for stakeholder areas Conduct a/b experiments and other more complex statistical analyses Build statistical and machine learning models for statistical inference and prediction Communicate results to stakeholders and provide actionable insights in a cohesive, compelling narrative Collaborate and interact continuously with other teams (data engineering, product, design, marketing, and compliance) Proactively and independently suggest directions for new products and ongoing enhancements to existing products based on up-to-date quantitative evidence Requirements: Bachelor’s or Master’s in statistics, math, applied math, physics, economics, biostatistics, computer science or related area 2+ years of working experience with statistical analyses, data mining, and/or model building/machine learning applications Strong foundation in statistics and probability Programming competency in Python or R Strong presentation skills and ability to communicate technical content to an audience with various backgrounds Everyone across the financial spectrum deserves to live secure and rewarding lives. In order to successfully serve clients across the United States, the Wealthfront team is focused on hiring team members with a diverse range of backgrounds, experiences and perspectives. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.   About Wealthfront Wealthfront is a nextgen banking and investing service on a mission to build a financial system that favors people, not institutions. We help you grow your wealth through automated investing and savings tools and give you a complete picture of your financial life with an intuitive mobile app. Our ultimate vision is to optimize and automate all of our clients’ finances and build what we call Self-Driving Money™️. We want clients to be able to automatically deposit their paycheck into their Wealthfront Cash Account, and let us take care of the rest — pay their bills, top off their emergency fund or 401(k), and invest the rest in their Wealthfront Investing accounts based on their goals. Join us and help turn this industry on its head and build a service that our clients don't just like, they love."
504,504,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=7575c50f428e2b0d&fccid=978d9fd9799d55a8&vjs=3,"Who we are: Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 392 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies. Job Description Summary: We’re looking for a data-driven, outcome-focused, and high performing Data Scientist to join our Global Collections Strategy team. Data Scientists in the team apply their analytical and technical skills to derive actionable intelligence. They analyze customer behavioral patterns to recommend business strategies to improve efficiency and effectiveness of Collection efforts. They collaborate with Technology and Operations partners in developing innovative and personalized experience based on the most effective channels and treatments to optimize customer experience. Job Description: Job Description: Specific responsibilities include: Provide analytical insights by analyzing various types of data, including mining our customer data, review of relevant cases/samples, and incorporation of feedback from teammates. Work closely with business partners and stakeholders to determine how to design analysis, testing, and measurement approaches that will significantly improve our ability to understand and address emerging business issues. Produce intelligent, scalable, and automated solutions by leveraging Data Science skills. Work closely with Technology teams on development of new capabilities to define requirements and priorities based on data analysis and business knowledge. Developing expertise in specific areas by leading analytical projects independently, while setting goals, providing benefit estimations, defining workflows, and coordinating timelines in advance. Providing updates to leadership, peers and other stakeholders that will simplify and clarify complex concepts and the results of analyses effectively with emphasis on the actionable outcomes and impact to business. Qualifications Master’s degree in Statistics, Analytics, or Data Science 3-8 years of professional experience in solving problems using data-driven approach Experience in credit, fraud risk management or underwriting in consumer credit/merchant lending products is preferred Collections experience a plus High proficiency in SQL. Experience with Python, R, Unix, Hadoop Strong organizational skills and excellent follow-through Keen on innovation and ready to flex in fast-changing environment Outstanding written, verbal and interpersonal communication skills High emotional intelligence, a can-do mentality and a creative approach to problem solving We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom. PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities."
507,507,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5972062d9bb2ddf4&fccid=23be8105a561807b&vjs=3,"Who we are: Our mission at Whiterabbit.ai is to save lives and eliminate suffering through the early detection of cancer with artificial intelligence. We collaborate closely with one of the top medical schools in the country and have exclusive access to one of the world’s largest cancer datasets with millions of images. We invent algorithms that make doctors more productive, more accurate, and more capable. We build products and services with a relentless focus on transforming the patient’s healthcare experience. Responsibilities:Extract data from standard PACS servers.Standardize, organize, normalize and augment data acquired from multiple sources.Extract data from databases and join it with image data acquired from the PACS servers.Extract non-standard data from multiple source using non-standard methods (i.e. write selenium robots).Write and maintain applications for automating data acquisition and processing.Help run studies on the existing data to reports stats.De-identify data sets for specific purposes.Generate standard datasets for specific purposes. Generate non-standard datasets for specific purposes. Must Have Experience:Python and object-oriented programmingSQL and Database knowledgeAmazon S3Shell Nice to Have Experience:DICOMJavascriptDocker"
508,508,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=4b27a89b96243b81&fccid=c1099851e9794854&vjs=3,"Summary Posted: Jul 9, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200234557 Have you ever scheduled a virtual meeting and received a suggestion to call into it at the right moment? Have you connected your Bluetooth headphones and received a suggestion to listen to your favorite podcast? We add intelligence across the iOS platform, build state-of-the-art privacy preserving on-device personalized models, and need your help! You will work on features that accelerate and delight millions of Apple users! Key Qualifications Excellent skills in Python Ability and passion to deliver extraordinary results with a lot of initiative Experience building high quality models for classification, regression and ranking Experience with recommender systems or models for personalization Experience with shipping production software Experience with machine learning on resource-constrained embedded devices is a plus Passion for quality and privacy Understanding of software development Description You will bring your expertise and a real passion for extraordinary products into our growing team that operates like a startup within Apple. We are the team responsible for making iOS users more efficient by predicting and accelerating the user experience while respecting privacy. We collaborate with many different teams at Apple to create groundbreaking technology. You enjoy creating elegant and compelling solutions, applying innovative technology in the service of human-centered design. You will build prototypes and have a say in what features we build. You will touch various parts of our codebase, from researching and experimenting with new ideas to implementing and optimizing models to run on resource-constrained devices. You will have an opportunity to learn from others and grow. To succeed, you are a strong problem solver with proven agility to work across multiple codebases, teams, and organizations. You will be working in the Proactive Intelligence team at Apple. Your valuable work will impact the lives of millions of Apple users worldwide. Education & Experience M.S in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience. Additional Requirements Experience with machine learning on resource-constrained embedded devices is a plus"
510,510,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=902b5f49bbf9fda5&fccid=86e9be6ce380173e&vjs=3,"Role The Business Analytics team’s mission is to enable a data driven business and generate knowledge from our data. The team is responsible for providing data and insights on our business operations’ performance and associated processes, as well as customers’ insights and products’ insights including both our vehicles and energy products portfolio. The team directly supports business leaders up to our executive team. We are looking for a data scientist who can lead key cross-functional projects for both energy and automotive business, leveraging data science and ML technics to drive business process automations and support sales & service strategies by leveraging our data. Understanding of the broader automotive and energy markets is strongly valued, in addition to engineering background with energy storage solutions. ResponsibilitiesContribute on all the stages of data science projects: from performing raw data mining to translating complex technical topics into business solutions.Maintains and enhance a set of critical data models supporting our automotive and energy operationsMaintains complex data pipeline supporting our team’s mission in democratizing data and enabling a data driven organization, partnering with our Sr. Analyst.Effectively communicate actionable insights at all levels of the organization.Collaborate closely with leadership, engineering, and other stakeholders to improve our view of modeling and decision engines.Solve complex problems using advanced mathematical modeling and optimization techniques, including but not limited to, big data pre-processing, problem formulation, features engineering, algorithmic selection and evaluation, hyper-parameter tuning for machine learning, and deployment.Build and Maintain a propensity model for Energy customers (both solar and storage) and build knowledge and metrics about Energy customers’ demographics and Energy product life cycle.Define and better understand the synergy between Energy and Vehicle sales process and operations. RequirementsMS or 2-5 years of equivalent experience in a quantitative or engineering field (i.e. Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering).Proven track record of building models and extracting data insights in sales, delivery and service domains. Experience solving problems in any or all of the following spaces - forecasting, predictive modeling, NLP, churn prediction.Proficiency in Python, SQL and experience with ML libraries and frameworks like Scikit-learn, h2o or Spark ML.Proficiency in one or more visualization tools like Tableau, Bokeh, RShiny etc.Experience engineering information out of massive, complex and, in some cases, unstructured datasets.Ability to apply a strong business sense with technical skills to effectively balance decisions around the complexity and speed of the project delivery.Strong written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills. Ability to effectively communicate at all levels in the organization.Ability to self-start and self-direct work in an unstructured environment, comfortable dealing with ambiguity.Excellent problem-framing, problem solving and project management skills and ability to change direction quickly.Ability to balance and prioritize multiple projectsAuthorization to work in the US without sponsorship PreferredExperience working within a Big Data environment.Experience with git and version control workflows."
512,512,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=155f5423622f6ee5&fccid=86e9be6ce380173e&vjs=3,"Data is deeply embedded in the product and engineering culture at Tesla. We rely on data – lots of it – to improve autopilot, to optimize hardware designs, to proactively detect faults, and to optimize load on the electrical grid. We collect data from each of our cars, superchargers, and energy products and use it to make these products better and our customers safer. We're the Fleet Analytics team, a small but fast-growing central team that helps many teams leverage the data we collect. We help engineers through direct support by doing data analysis for them and through applications and tools so they can self-serve those analyses in the future. To do so, we leverage the internal big data platform that is built on top of Kafka, Spark, Presto and data science tools such as Jupyter notebooks, Pandas, Bokeh, Superset and Airflow. We're looking for an experienced engineer to join us. This foundational member will provide leadership in the definition and implementation of processes and tools that enable Tesla's data science. You will lead our Prognostics application, where we build machine learning pipelines to help identify which cars may need service so we can address issues before they inconvenience our customers. Building this application is crucial to improve our customer experience as well as to optimize service operations and logistics. You will own the application end-to-end, from prioritizing which issues to focus on, to building the features and predictive models, to bringing those models to production and writing the code that acts on your predictions. You will directly further our mission by reducing the cost associated with cars breaking down, and strengthening our brand with a customer experience that few companies can achieve. Responsibilities Work with our service organization to prioritize high-value issues Design and build your machine learning pipeline end to end Work with service engineers and firmware engineers to understand what features could help predict issues Build efficient and reproducible data pipelines to produce your features, consuming petabytes of time series data using cutting-edge open source technologies Build machine learning models to predict failures, and anything you need to iterate over your model (feature selection, hyper parameter tuning, validation, etc) Evaluate, justify and communicate model performance Schedule and operate your model in a production data pipeline Build user interfaces to bring humans in the loop when necessary, to further increase the quality of your predictions Write clean and tested code that can be maintained and extended by other software engineers Keep up to date on relevant technologies and frameworks, and propose new ones that the team could leverage Identify trends, invent new ways of looking at data, and get creative in order to drive improvements in both existing and future products Give talks, contribute to open source projects, and advance data science on a global scale Requirements Strong proficiency in Python Strong foundation in machine learning Strong foundation in software engineering Experience building multiple machine learning models that provided company value Experience with data science tools such as Pandas, Numpy, R, Matlab, Octave Strong verbal and written communication skills Smart but humble, with a bias for action Nice to have Experience building, scheduling and operating data pipelines (e.g. using Airflow) Experience building web applications Experience building data visualizations Experience with continuous integration and continuous development Experience in devops, i.e. Linux, Ansible, Docker, Kubernetes Understanding of distributed computing, i.e. how HDFS, Spark, Presto or Kafka work Proficient in Scala"
513,513,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=941e49d737e65bf3&fccid=7c874ded2b2c6886&vjs=3,"Testing & QA - Mountain View, CA - We are currently looking for full-time Data Scientists to join our Mountain View office to work on test engineering projects in Didi autonomous driving technologies. The goal is to apply the state of the art data science insights on cars to make driving smarter and safer. Responsibilities: Work with large, complex datasets from various sources to draw analytical insights Research, define, and monitor key indicators to evaluate the autonomous systems performance Build statistical models from large driving data to predict autonomous driving behavior Write reusable Python/SQL code and share its insights with engineers Build dashboard to visualize our autonomy performance from both road testing data and simulation test scenarios Collaborate with other engineers to optimize our autonomy performance evaluation workflow with data-driven approaches Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree or above in Data Science or related disciplines. Solid technical background in applied stats, analytics, or related quantitative fields Demonstrated proficiency in Python, or SQL Demonstrated analytical thinking and data intuition when solving problems in a new problem space Ability to take an ambiguous question, use data to draw insights, and convey the results to a wide range of audiences Experience with large data datasets is a plus Graduate before Fall 2021 About the Company: Didi Chuxing (“DiDi”) is the world’s leading mobile transportation platform. We’re committed to working with communities and partners to solve the world’s transportation, environmental, and employment challenges by using big data-driven deep-learning algorithms that optimize resource allocation. Didi Chuxing’s Autonomous-Driving team was established in 2016, and has grown to a comprehensive research and development organization covering HD mapping, perception, behavior prediction, planning and control, infrastructure and simulation, labeling, hardware, mechanical, problem diagnosis, vehicle modifications, connected car, and security, among others. We’re developing and testing self-driving vehicles in China and the United States. In August 2019, DiDi upgraded its autonomous driving unit to an independent company to focus on R&D, product application, and business development related to self-driving technologies. The new company will integrate the resources and technology of DiDi’s platform, continue to increase investment in R&D, and deepen collaboration with auto industry partners. About the Company: Didi Chuxing (“DiDi”) is the world’s leading mobile transportation platform. We’re committed to working with communities and partners to solve the world’s transportation, environmental, and employment challenges by using big data-driven deep-learning algorithms that optimize resource allocation. Didi Chuxing’s Autonomous-Driving team was established in 2016, and has grown to a comprehensive research and development organization covering HD mapping, perception, behavior prediction, planning and control, infrastructure and simulation, labeling, hardware, mechanical, problem diagnosis, vehicle modifications, connected car, and security, among others. We’re developing and testing self-driving vehicles in China and the United States. In August 2019, DiDi upgraded its autonomous driving unit to an independent company to focus on R&D, product application, and business development related to self-driving technologies. The new company will integrate the resources and technology of DiDi’s platform, continue to increase investment in R&D, and deepen collaboration with auto industry partners."
514,514,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=991e6abe7d38a368&fccid=de71a49b535e21cb&vjs=3,"Introduction Software Developers at IBM are the backbone of our strategic initiatives to design, code, test, and provide industry-leading solutions that make the world run today - planes and trains take off on time, bank transactions complete in the blink of an eye and the world remains safe because of the work our software developers do. Whether you are working on projects internally or for a client, software development is critical to the success of IBM and our clients worldwide. At IBM, you will use the latest software development tools, techniques and approaches and work with leading minds in the industry to build solutions you can be proud of.  Your Role and Responsibilities IBM SWG is looking for an experienced software engineer to join the Big Data and Open Source DB North America Support team. As part of this team, you will have opportunity to work on supporting our customers that are deploying Big Data technologies (Cloudera Data Platforms, Big SQL) and revolutionary Open Source DB offerings (Postgres, MongoDB, and Apache Casandra etc.).  Your responsibilities will include: Understanding, narrowing and defining the scope of clients concerns in terms of stating the problem and understanding its scope. Managing client expectations and understanding the nature of the issue in terms of technical impact and pervasiveness. Utilizing technical and negotiation skills and collaborate with partner engineering teams (Cloudera, EDB, MongoDB, DataStax etc.) to prioritize and diagnose problems to resolution using problem determination/problem analysis skills. Communicating updates and action plans to customer or IBM representative via the support portal, phone and email as per response guidelines. Contributes to department attainment of organizational objectives and high customer satisfaction. Recognize and minimize client impact by using timely and appropriate escalation processes to engage Partner Engineering Support organization. Sharing knowledge and expertise with the team and also the clients, such as writing technotes, blogging in social media, etc. Ensuring that an adequate amount of process is followed. If applicable, recommends and implements new or improvements to existing technical support tools, procedures, and processes Required Technical and Professional Expertise  3+ years of relevant experience as technical customer support, supporting large scale RDBMS or Data Warehousing environments. 2+ years of experience with Linux (development/support/administration) Strong understanding of RDBMS and good understanding of challenges in building Data Warehousing for a Big Data applications. Ability to multi-task in a fast paced environment Strong active listening skills and excellent written and oral communications skills Willing and able to work a shifted week at least once a month to provide support on weekends and some public holidays. The hub is one of 3 worldwide support hubs that provide 24x7 support 365 days a year. Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise  A professional certification on Big Data (Cloudera) and Open Source DB (Postgres, Mongo and Apache Casandra) management About Business UnitIBM’s Cloud and Cognitive software business is committed to bringing the power of IBM’s Cloud and Watson/AI technologies to life for our clients and ecosystem partners around the world. IBM provides you with the most comprehensive and consistent approach to development, security and operations across hybrid environments—with complete software solutions for business and IT operations, development, data science, security, and management. Our experts and software capabilities help organizations develop applications once and deploy them anywhere, integrate security across the breadth of their IT estate, and automate operations with management visibility. With IBM, you also have access to new skills and methods, governance and management approaches, and a deep ecosystem of industry experts and partners.  Your Life @ IBMAre you craving to learn more? Prepared to solve some of the world's most unique challenges? And ready to shape the future for millions of people? If so, then it's time to join us, express your individuality, unleash your curiosity and discover new possibilities.  Every IBMer, and potential ones like yourself, has a voice, carves their own path, and uses their expertise to help co-create and add to our story. Together, we have the power to make meaningful change – to alter the fabric of our clients, of society and IBM itself, to create a truly positive impact and make the world work better for everyone.  It's time to define your career.  About IBMIBM's greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. IBM's greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve business, society and the human condition, bringing the power of an open hybrid cloud and AI strategy to life for our clients and partners around the world.  Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are not only one of the largest corporate organizations in the world, we're also one of the biggest technology and consulting employers, with many of the Fortune 50 companies relying on the IBM Cloud to run their business.  At IBM, we pride ourselves on being an early adopter of artificial intelligence, quantum computing and blockchain. Now it's time for you to join us on our journey to being a responsible technology innovator and a force for good in the world.  Location StatementIBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to:   12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19.World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals.Well-being programs to support mental and physical health.Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.).Select educational reimbursement opportunities.Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe.Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities.Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences. We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law.  Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status."
515,515,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=25547e2b85e0c442&fccid=c267f29f0f85e8b8&vjs=3,"We are looking for a North America Inception Program Specialist to join Inception - NVIDIA’s acceleration platform for AI, data science, and HPC startups, providing critical go-to-market support, expertise, and technology. This startup-focused role is for someone who believes that artificial intelligence, deep learning, and data science bring a new computing revolution and have the potential to positively transform our world. You are passionate about finding, recruiting, and supporting startups in an effort to grow NVIDIA platforms' adoption across the startup ecosystem. You will be responsible for growing Inception’s member base, educating, and nurturing startups across all of NVIDIA’s platforms and verticals. This involves a range of activities such as recruiting startups as Inception partners, onboarding new members, enabling startups to redeem Inception benefits, and coordinating events to connect the Inception community. This person will report to the Americas Inception lead and will work closely with a sizable cross-functional team within NVIDIA, including Inception, Solutions Engineering, Developer Relations, Product Management, Sales, and Marketing teams. What you will be doing: You are the first point of contact for the new startups learning about Inception and joining the program Scout, identify, and recruit new startups to Inception using information and trends coming from publicly available sources and proprietary data. Recruit by doing outreach to startups through email and other channels. You’ll work with Inception’s marketing team on-demand creation activities. Onboard new members and help them understand and take advantage of Inception’s benefits. Coordinate and execute the delivery of Inception benefits (hardware, DLI credits, among others). Regularly update Inception members’ information and status on NVIDIA databases (Salesforce) Report on overall recruitment efforts, new members, engagement, and activity on a regular basis Provide Inception members with content and tools to educate them on NVIDIA’s solutions and platforms Coordinate and support ecosystem events to recruit and connect Inception members What we need to see: Minimum of 2 years of working experience in related fields such as startup accelerators and incubators, business development, marketing or sales positions at startups, platform ecosystem development at big technology companies, venture capital A strong affinity for technology and technical subjects Excellent interpersonal skills. Personable, friendly, and enjoy interacting with lots of people. This position will work with partners, NVIDIA internal teams, and hundreds, if not thousands, of startups Excellent communication and presentation skills. You are Inception’s advocate in front of startups and other players in the ecosystem You’re curious, creative, and constantly think about how you can improve processes Ability to be proactive and work with minimal direction You have good project management and organizational skills Availability to travel domestically and internationally 10% of the time or less Bachelor’s degree or similar (or equivalent experience) Ways to stand out from the crowd: Worked at a top startup accelerator recruiting startups, running, building, and managing the startup community and portfolio companies Deeply care for startups and the value they bring to the world Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, and/or data science experience. Preferably doing business development or similar Validated capability to work in a collaborative, matrixed organization Passion for understanding and owning metrics and analytics and have a natural inclination to measure the efficiency and effectiveness of programs NVIDIA is owning the way in groundbreaking developments in Artificial Intelligence, High-Performance Computing and Visualization. The GPU, our invention, serves as the visual cortex of modern computers and is at the heart of our products and services. Our work opens new universes to explore, enables outstanding creativity and discovery, and powers what were once science fiction inventions from artificial intelligence to autonomous cars. NVIDIA is looking for phenomenal people like you to help us accelerate the next wave of artificial intelligence. If you are creative and passionate about developing cloud services, we want to hear from you! Widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. If you're creative and passionate about developing cloud services we want you on our team! The Colorado Equal Pay for Equal Work Act requires that NVIDIA provide the compensation range and benefits offered for this position if performed in Colorado. The base salary range for this position in Colorado is $79,200.00 - 108,900.00 USD. NVIDIA also offers a comprehensive benefits package. We provide health care coverage, dental and vision, 401(K), including company matching and after tax contributions, Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP), Employee Assistance Program (EAP), company paid holidays, paid sick leave, vacation leave, professional time off, life and disability protection. Employees in eligible sales and positions may also be eligible for commission. Base pay is based on market location and may vary based on factors including experience, skills, education, and other job-related reasons. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law."
517,517,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=f045a3d1edff430a&fccid=c1099851e9794854&vjs=3,"Summary Posted: Jul 1, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200241919 The HomeKit team provides the foundation that enables an entire ecosystem of secure and intelligent home connectivity. We are developing technologies and crafting experiences that revolutionize the way people harmonize with the accessories around them. The team is seeking a hardworking Data Scientist to push the boundaries of data collection, processing and visualization and building a foundation of data driven decision-making for a growing team. Key Qualifications Foundation in data science, machine learning, and analytics, including statistical data analysis and A/B testing. 5+ years of proven experience building data science driven solutions to tackle business problems. Ability to dive into the details on product features and underlying architecture in order to help define success criteria and the ways we can measure that via metrics and other approaches. This will involve close collaboration with the engineering teams that develop those features. Conceive and design end-to-end optimized data modeling pipelines and customer analytic scripted solutions. Strong programming skills, including data-querying skills (SQL and/or Spark, etc.) and experience with a scripting language for data processing and development (e.g., Python, R, or Scala). Proven experience working with Tableau or other data visualization technologies. Ability to work multi-functionally with other Apple organizations including Marketing, Data Analytics, User Studies, Siri and application development teams. Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to naturally explain difficult technical topics to everyone from data scientists to engineers to business partners and leaders. Description The HomeKit organization is looking for an experienced and highly motivated data scientist! You will partner across engineering groups building extraordinary home related products, and promote a culture of using data to measure, understand, and improve our products and features. You have a background that fuses data science, engineering, and product thinking. You have years of practical experience building measurement, evaluation, and insights to improve products. IN THIS ROLE, YOU WILL: Work closely with leadership and engineering teams to help define and prioritize the insights we need to make the very best products Drive the generation of insights from raw, unstructured data to improve existing features and explore strategic directions. Develop extensive knowledge of existing metrics, advocating for changes where needed. Work closely with engineering teams to guarantee the consistency and validity of metrics across platforms, modalities and languages. Conduct analysis that includes data gathering and requirement specifications, processing, analysis, and report generation. Drive regular insights reports and presentations with Apple’s leadership teams. Tackle difficult, non-routine analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed. Partner with your peers to build and prototype analysis pipelines that provide insights at scale. Promote adoption of best practices and build greater awareness of common data analysis pitfalls. Education & Experience BS or MS in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Software Engineering or Systems Engineering"
518,518,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=dbf796c6138ba1e7&fccid=86e9be6ce380173e&vjs=3,"The Role The reliability data team is looking for a Data Scientist/Software Engineer to utilize large-scale data and help Tesla engineers design and validate the most compelling and reliable products for our customers. The reliability data team collects real-time life data from test and fleet (energy, charging, and vehicle products) and is responsible for retrieving, analyzing and summarizing results to cross-functional teams. The team provides support through the whole design cycle by building software tools that orchestrate all the reliability physics analyses. The level of this position will be determined at the time of the interview. Responsibilities Build robust, flexible and automated software tools to enable complex analysis of real-time fleet Apply statistical analysis to test (accelerated life) and field (life) data to inform reliability physics modeling/analyses and associated corrective actions Work closely with Reliability and Design engineers to create/interpret/validate numeric models of fielded and in-test products Contribute to the automation and standardization of our data pipelines Build visualizations to effectively communicate results. Answer complex questions on fleet usage and behavior to enable proactive monitoring, grow reliability, and minimize field failures Requirements Bachelor’s degree or higher in quantitative discipline (e.g. Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Electrical Engineering, Industrial Engineering) or the equivalent in experience and evidence of exceptional ability Advanced knowledge of Python Strong knowledge of data structures, architectures and languages such as SQL Solid understanding of statistics (Weibull distribution, Maximum Likelihood Estimation, Bayesian methods, Monte Carlo analysis, etc.) General knowledge of physics and engineering principles Working knowledge of the Hadoop ecosystem (HDFS, Spark, Presto and HBase) Experience and interest in data visualization techniques (e.g. Matplotlib, Superset, Tableau) Ability to problem solve and adjust priorities with little advance notice to meet deadlines Strong verbal and written communication skills Nice to have Experience with developing predictive models on time-series data Experience using the JIRA ecosystem Experience with quick web application development (e.g. Flask, JQuery, Angular)"
522,522,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1e940fb48ef8c456&fccid=19486b46783ccb37&vjs=3,"Are you looking for an opportunity to join a team of data scientists making an impact on the insurance industry? CLARA Analytics is looking for a Data Scientist who is enthusiastic about solving real world problems with data and models, in a culture of innovation, respect, and camaraderie. We are located in Santa Clara, CA, but working remotely is an option. This is a chance to join a welcoming and collaborative team at a rapidly growing Silicon Valley company. Our mission is to drive the best claims outcomes for both insurers and the insured using innovative machine learning, including deep learning and natural language processing. Our models provide key insights and predictions that guide the claims adjuster in making optimal decisions at every step of the claim process. Why grow your career with InsurTech? Insurance companies have invested in digitized claims management systems, and are now taking the next step in realizing the full potential of this data. CLARA Analytics is the leader in providing the most technologically advanced solutions in this space, dedicated to expanding the horizons of what is possible. We hope you will join us, bringing your own creativity and expertise to achieve our vision together. Key Responsibilities Gain a deep understanding of the goals of our customers in the insurance industry and have a strong grasp on the details of data from claims management systems and medical records Work directly with customers to define objectives and get feedback on results Prototype and build end-to-end analysis pipelines, from initial data gathering and exploratory analysis to architecting and developing predictive models, writing documentation and presenting results Make code ready for production and build stable and efficient scoring pipelines that integrate with our applications Contribute to the advancement of data science and machine learning at Clara by evaluating and evangelizing new algorithms, tools, and processes Work with engineering, product teams, and subject matter experts to coordinate planning and execution on projects Have impact through explainable and actionable AI that drives a great user experience Enjoy being a part of Clara’s culture of innovation, respect, and camaraderie Skills Knowledge and Expertise 4+ years practical experience in data science and machine learning, including deep learning 2+ years experience with end to end data science pipelines - data ingestion, processing, machine learning model training and scoring 2+ years experience in the property and casualty insurance industry Experience with scikit-learn and pandas; preferably also PySpark, Tensorflow, Pytorch, and MLFlow Proficiency in Python for data science applications Diligence in coding and willingness to contribute to the rapidly-evolving Data Science infrastructure at Clara Strong communication skills with both technical and non-technical audiences Proactiveness in raising issues and improving models, pipelines and processes Collaborative team spirit, excited about brainstorming together towards new AI solutions for Clara products Passion for the product and going the extra mile to bring subject matter expertise and practical intuition to machine learning models Benefits CLARA analytics offers a great benefits package to all full-time employees. Some of the perks you will enjoy are low cost healthcare (or we pay you to opt out!), monthly wellness/gym reimbursement, 401k match, public transportation cost assistance, skill building reimbursements, and more! We encourage creativity and recognize our employee’s talents and contributions with monthly peer recognition “high five” awards. We also work hard to keep employees engaged during Shelter At Home with weekly All Hands meetings, occasional gift packages & doordash surprises. Apply now to be part of a growing, vibrant company! About CLARA Analytics We built product platforms that are: Best-of-breed Our machine learning-driven solutions illuminate the most accurate and robust data findings in the industry  Easy to use and implement Although the data science driving our products is complex, we make it simple for our customers to drive results  High performing Our customers see an increased ROI of 10x after implementing the CLARA platform"
524,524,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=bc7955a1e24e85a4&fccid=c1099851e9794854&vjs=3,"Summary Posted: Aug 6, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200273800 Are you a big-picture thinker who loves setting ambitious goals? Do you have a passion for understanding how each line of code affects all the others? In the Core Operating Systems group we ensure that the OS is inseparable from each device’s identity as a whole. That’s because this group is committed to building fully integrated operating systems that combine hardware, software, and apps into a single Apple experience. Your dedication to cross-disciplinary collaboration will help develop groundbreaking technologies for iOS, macOS, watchOS, and tvOS. By crafting these distinct, holistic user experiences, you’ll continue to uphold and advance the excellence people expect from Apple devices. The Vector and Numerics Group within the Core Operating System is tasked with designing, enhancing and improving various subsystems running on iOS, macOS, watchOs and tvOS. Most of this support is encapsulated in the Accelerate framework, a well used library serving many technologies, such as machine learning. The group is looking for an exceptional high performance programmer to complement the team and make a difference. As a member of our fast paced group, you will have the unique opportunity to delight and inspire millions of Apple’s customers every day. You will work in a cross functional team which is implementing innovative and state of the art routines to support the necessary computation for such things as vision algorithms, machine learning training and inference. You will push the state of the art in low level computation and drive them towards energy efficient and high performance implementations by tightly integrating software and hardware. The successful candidate will have excellent understanding and knowledge of machine learning primitives and micro architecture of NEON on ARM or AVX on Intel CPU cores from a vector programming perspective. Team members are engaged in the design and optimization of low level computational support for all aspects of machine learning and computational primitives in service of models such as Object Detection, Sound and Activity Classification to mention a few. These include 2D Multi-layered convolutions and LSTM. Being able to craft the fastest and the most energy efficient routines for a particular CPU core is a plus. Low level high performance programming experience is a must for this position. Being comfortable in vector assembly and low level C is a requirement. The ideal candidate would be at ease in developing both innovative and robust CPU core level algorithms derived from a particular technology’s need in a tight deadline. Key Qualifications Low level algorithmic development in Machine Learning primitives, BLAS and FFT. Detailed knowledge of vector Instruction Set Architectures (ISA) of ARM and Intel. Strong understanding of computational efficiency. Excellent coding skills in ASM and C. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Ability to handle multiple tasks and self-prioritize. Ability to work with cross functional teams in compression related components. Description Design and implement micro architecturally optimized pieces of Accelerate framework taking into consideration performance and energy usage. Education & Experience BS/MSEE in mathematics, computer science or computer engineering required, advanced degree preferred."
525,525,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=56e3d3f6e83b8ace&fccid=a5cbd2514edf7804&vjs=3,"Job Description Staff Data Scientist Location: Santa Clara, CA Your goal: To improve the education process and improve the student experience through data.   The organization: Data Science for Learning Services  Data Science and Machine Learning are core to Chegg. As a Student Hub, we want to ensure that  students discover the full breadth of learning solutions we have to offer to get full value on their learning time with us. To create the most relevant and engaging interactions, we are solving a multitude of machine learning problems so that we can better model student behavior, link various types of content, optimize workflows, and provide a personalized experience.   The Role: Staff Data Scientist  As a Staff Data Scientist, you will define, design, and develop data products for Chegg. You will use your technical expertise to discern appropriate solutions, plan a roadmap to go from baseline to sophisticated models over several iterations, and deliver well-documented projects. You will lead fellow team members on larger projects, plan and delegate work to maximize impact, and guide them to success. You will collaborate and communicate with stakeholders across a range of audiences including Engineering, Product Management, and Business to explain and deliver value to Chegg and students. Responsibilities: Develop machine learning solutions across various fields including Recommendations, Natural Language Processing, Search, and Image Processing Lead team members on complex projects through careful planning, delegation, and mentorship Identify and prioritize projects that push us forward on company goals Identify key evaluation metrics and release requirements for data products Integrate new data and design workflows Design annotation and evaluation tasks for data science products, crowdsourcing Innovate, share, and educate both team members and the Chegg community Requirements: 5+ years of experience in machine learning, natural language processing, information  retrieval, recommendation systems Strong programming skills in Python Experience using containers to deploy real-time prediction services Experience with deep learning, natural language processing, and recommender systems a plus Ability to translate business problems into data problems, understand relationships among data, be comfortable with uncertainties and approximations Quality communication skills and curiosity  Why do we exist? Students are working harder than ever before to stabilize their future. Our recent research study called State of the Student shows that nearly 3 out of 4 students are working to support themselves through college and 1 in 3 students feel pressure to spend more than they can afford. We founded our business on provided affordable textbook rental options to address these issues. Since then, we’ve expanded our offerings to supplement many facets of higher educational learning through Chegg Study, Chegg Math, Chegg Writing, Chegg Internships, Thinkful Online Learning, and more to support students beyond their college experience. These offerings lower financial concerns for students by modernizing their learning experience. We exist so students everywhere have a smarter, faster, more affordable way to student."
527,527,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=e214511c730077ed&fccid=16a37eddfee06e0f&vjs=3,"Leading the future of luxury mobility Lucid’s mission is to inspire the adoption of sustainable energy by creating the most captivating luxury electric vehicles, centered around the human experience. Working at Lucid Motors means having a shared vision to power the future in revolutionary ways. Be part of a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to transform the automotive industry. At Lucid Motors, we are relentlessly focused on providing a best-in-class digital experience at every step of the customer journey. Intimately understanding audience behaviors throughout the journey is a key ingredient to experience excellence. We’re seeking a passionate and accomplished Analytics Data Scientist to own measurement and analysis across our owned, earned, and paid digital touchpoints. The ideal candidate has a passion for interpreting data and extracting meaningful and actionable insights. They have an innate curiosity for numbers as well as the creative, critical, and business skills to understand how to apply findings. They are an expert at synthesizing and communicating insights and actionable recommendations to audiences at varying levels of technical sophistication. You Will: Serve as the analytics lead for paid, owned, and earned digital channels Clean, manipulate and analyze large, complex data sets, spanning a wide variety of sources Establish marketing analytics models and own the end-to-end data experience, including querying, aggregation, deep analysis, and data visualization Present findings and actionable insights to audiences with varying degrees of technical acumen Build and maintain dashboards that enable the fluid sharing and self-service of digital reporting data Establish predictive models across the full funnel including CLTV, CAC, CPC, CPM, CPE, etc. Create and maintain digital impact reports that demonstrate performance across platforms, identify trends in customer acquisition, and provide an overview of growth marketing ROI Define and deliver appropriate analytics implementations for new initiatives, campaigns, pages and websites, developing business and reporting requirements as necessary Provide insights and recommendations to Digital Product Owners as well as cross-functional stakeholders Advocate for disciplined, data-driven thinking throughout the marketing organization Support creative production and planning efforts by providing constant feedback on messaging / campaign efficacy and collaborating on new ideas to iterate and optimize Establish a journey measurement framework designed to demonstrate program impact and show progression through the customer journey You Bring: A customer-first mindset 5+ years of experience as a Data Analyst Impeccable data and statistical analysis skills Extensive experience with business intelligence tools such as Tableau and web analytics tools including Google Analytics Experience with SQL to pull, join, and analyze data created across disparate sources A natural curiosity about cutting-edge technologies, analytics, and the digital marketplace, as well as a passion for innovation Expertise in queries, A/B Testing, and statistical analysis with statistical packages, such as R or Python Analytical thinking, data-focused mentality, and strong business judgment Exceptional organizational and communication skills The ability to create compelling stories through analytics and visualization A solid track record of collaboration, with demonstrable experience working with internal teams, stakeholders, and agency partners The ability to prioritize demands based on business impact and the ability to defend those decisions A self-starter mindset who thrives in ambiguous and rapidly changing situations A proven track record of taking initiative to suggest and implement new ideas A passion for solving problems creatively and proactively - You take initiative, anticipate, and prepare more than you wait around and react. Advantageous: Luxury brand, D2C, retail, eCommerce with recognizable brands Experience with the Salesforce Marketing Cloud stack Experience with experimental design and A/B testing analysis A passion for and working knowledge of automobiles, EVs, and the future of mobility Experience in luxury or high-tech industries Be part of something amazing Come work alongside some of the most accomplished minds in the industry. Beyond providing competitive salaries, we’re providing a community for innovators who want to make an immediate and significant impact. If you are driven to create a better, more sustainable future, then this is the right place for you. At Lucid, we don’t just welcome diversity - we celebrate it! Lucid Motors is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, national or ethnic origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity and expression, marital status, and any other characteristic protected under applicable State or Federal laws and regulations. To all recruitment agencies: Lucid Motors does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our careers alias or other Lucid Motors employees. Lucid Motors is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes."
529,529,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=108bba9169d275b7&fccid=1639254ea84748b5&vjs=3,"In this role, your primary responsibility will be to partner with key stakeholders and lead strategic and quantitative analysis to support and enable the continued growth critical to Facebook’s Data Center organization. As we plan to grow our Data Center organization, we need to leverage data to drive decisions and introduce automation, predictability & optimization to allow us to operate efficiently and reliably at scale. Our data scientist team identifies business problems and solves them by using various numerical techniques, algorithms, and models in Statistical Modeling, Machine Learning, Operations Research, and Data Mining. You will have the opportunity to work on a broad spectrum of areas such as hardware or Equipment Failure Prediction, Operational Tools Automation, Demand Forecasting, Alert Optimization, Supply Chain Optimization, Inventory & Capacity Planning, Process Design & Optimization, and Financial Modeling. This is a full-time role. Architect and build pragmatic, scalable, and statistically rigorous solutions for data center infrastructure problems by leveraging or developing state-of-the-art statistical and machine learning methodologies on top of Facebook's unparalleled data infrastructure. Partner with internal stakeholders on projects to identify and articulate opportunities, see beyond the data to identify solutions that will raise the bar for decision making. Collaborate with cross-functional data and product teams across business applications to access and manipulate data, explain data gathering requirements, make recommendations, display results, and build efficient and scalable analytics solutions. Analysis of operational data and user behavior to improve overall business performance. Define, compute, track, and continuously validate business metrics with descriptive and predictive analytics. Architect, build and maintain data driven machine learning models, experiments, forecasting algorithms, and optimization models. Mentor others as needed on best practices for design and implementation of cutting-edge analytics solutions. Communicate final recommendations and drive decision making. MS in a quantitative field such as Computer Science, Quantitative Finance, Math, Statistics, Physics or a related Engineering degree. Experience with Machine Learning, Statistics, or other data analysis tools and techniques. Experience with statistics methods such as forecasting, time series, hypothesis testing, classification, clustering or regression analysis. Experience drafting testable code and shipping code into production. Experience using version control tools such as git or mercurial. 4+ years experience in building models and developing algorithms for machine learning, statistics, mathematical programming, and simulation in industry and/or academia. 4+ years experience in managing and analyzing large-scale structured and unstructured data using R or Python. 4+ years experience in SQL in big data environments (i.e. Hadoop) and data modeling. Experience with scientific computing and analysis packages such as NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, dplyr, or ggplot2. Experience with machine learning libraries and packages such as PyTorch, Caffe2, TensorFlow, Keras or Theano. Experience with data visualization libraries such as Matplotlib, Pyplot, ggplot2. PhD in Computer Science or relevant fields. Knowledge of deep learning research. Familiarity with object-oriented programming languages (such as C++ or Java) and visualization tools (such as Tableau). Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com."
530,530,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=4bd5271b0b9c9a38&fccid=c1099851e9794854&vjs=3,"Summary Posted: Jul 21, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200244568 Apple Maps is changing, and data is in the driver’s seat. Our mission is to build the best map in the world. We work in a dynamic data-focused environment where Data Scientists are given runway to own big projects and drive impact across the Maps organization. We are looking for a talented, experienced Data Scientist to join our cross-functional team, focusing on the deep evaluation of Maps services and features. We work directly with the Engineering and Product teams responsible for quantifying, measuring and monitoring usage and user experiences across Maps platform. Our day-to-day work crosses many functional areas, including experiment design, AB testing, exploratory data analysis, generative analytics, and more. Key Qualifications You have proven experience with data analysis at web scale. You're experienced with at least one programming/scripting language (e.g., Python, Scala, Java). Your background includes at least one database language (e.g., SQL). You have strong communication and presentation skills. Nice-to-have Experience Experience writing Scala for automating analytic tasks at scale. You bring background in AB testing. You have prior proven industry experienc with large data sets using technologies like Hadoop, Hive, and Spark. Background in information retrieval. Domain-specific knowledge of the mapping/transportation industry Description You'll build data products (datasets, analyses, models, etc.) and tools (typically in Python or Scala) to drive hypothesis generation and support collaborative decision-making with our partner teams in engineering and product management. Create and validate actionable metrics, at both the component level and to measure overall user engagement. Design effective experiments for evaluating complex data and machine learning based systems. Develop models and analyses to mine large volume of data, extract insights, and recommend opportunities for product improvements. Automate analyses and pipelines via SQL and Python/Scala-based ETL frameworks. Communicate insights to partner teams to influence product direction with data. Use data intuition to translate hard product goals and business problems into solvable data science problems. Help to guide junior data scientists Education & Experience PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, Physics, Operations Research, or similar quantitative domain; (will consider MS with significant related experience)."
532,532,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=3d14a0be8462480f&fccid=86e9be6ce380173e&vjs=3,"The Role As a member of the Autopilot AI team you will research, design, implement, optimize and deploy deep learning models that advance the state of the art in perception and control for autonomous driving. A typical day to day includes reading deep learning code/papers, implementing described models and algorithms, adapting them to our setting, driving up internal metrics, working with downstream engineers to integrate neural networks to run efficiently in the car on our chip, and incrementally tracking and improving feature performance based on fleet telemetry. A strong candidate will ideally possess at least one strong expertise in the following areas, and at least a familiarity in others. Responsibilities Train machine learning and deep learning models on a computing cluster to perform visual recognition tasks, such as segmentation and detection Develop state-of-the-art algorithms in one or all of the following areas: deep learning (convolutional neural networks), object detection/classification, tracking, multi-task learning, large-scale distributed training, multi-sensor fusion, etc. Optimize deep neural networks and the associated preprocessing/postprocessing code to run efficiently on an embedded device Requirements The team operates in a production setting. An ideal candidate has strong software engineering practices and is very comfortable with Python programming, debugging/profiling, and version control. We train neural networks on a cluster in large-scale distributed settings. An ideal candidate is very comfortable in cluster environments and understands the related computer systems concepts (CPU/GPU interactions/transfers, latency/throughput bottlenecks during training of neural networks, CUDA, pipelining/multiprocessing, etc). We are at the cutting edge of deep learning applications. The ideal candidate has a strong understanding of the under the hood fundamentals of deep learning (layer details, backpropagation, etc). Additional requirements include the ability to read and implement related academic literature and experience in applying state of the art deep learning models to computer vision (e.g. segmentation, detection) or a closely related area (speech, NLP). Experience with PyTorch, or at least another major deep learning framework such as TensorFlow, MXNet. Some experience with data science tools including Python scripting, numpy, scipy, matplotlib, scikit-learn, jupyter notebooks, bash scripting, Linux environment. APPLY"
533,533,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8cf819cea1f16225&fccid=e6d4ba9e2cfe7902&vjs=3,"Atlassian can hire people in any country where we have a legal entity, assuming candidates have eligible working rights and a sufficient timezone overlap with their team. As our offices re-open, Atlassians can choose to work remotely or return to an office, unless it’s necessary for the role to be performed in the office. Interviews and onboarding are conducted virtually, a part of being a distributed-first company.  Confluence is changing the way companies collaborate and share information. More than half of Fortune 100 companies, hundreds of thousands of teams, and millions of users use Confluence every day to get their jobs done, faster and more collaboratively. Join us as we unleash the power of teams all over the globe. We are looking for a top-tier data scientist to work on Confluence product analytics. The role needs to manage a multi area within product analytics, with the possibility of having direct reports. Product performance and scalability is the backbone of any B2B cloud products. On top of this, user’s needs for workplace collaboration products are fast evolving. Therefore, this role is multidisciplinary. You need to have the skills to dig deep into both performance and API data as well as usage data, connect the dots together quickly and communicate insights in a way that persuades action. Your product managers, UX designers, and full stack software engineers, lean on you for data informed decisions. Particularly for this role, you will have the opportunity to shape product roadmap. On the first day, we'll expect you to have: 5+ years of experience in a product analytics function Expertise in SQL and proficiency in Python Thorough understanding of usage data creation process and experience of partnering with engineering teams for data tracking Experience in designing and analyzing product experiments Ability to turn complex findings into a compelling narrative and a set of actions Track record of influencing decision-making using analytics Background in Engineering or quantitative subject (e.g. Mathematics, Physics, etc) It's great, but not required if you have: Experience in both enterprise (or B2B) as well as consumer (or B2C) environments Management experience More about our team  Product Analytics at Atlassian is an exciting and fast growing space. At our core, we drive value for both our customers and the business by understanding how and why our users use our products. We are a highly collaborative team of high achievers. We love to explore, challenge and have a lot of fun along the way. More about our benefits Whether you work in an office or a distributed team, Atlassian is highly collaborative and yes, fun! To support you at work (and play) we offer some fantastic perks: ample time off to relax and recharge, flexible working options, five paid volunteer days a year for your favourite cause, an annual allowance to support your learning & growth, unique ShipIt days, a company paid trip after five years and lots more. More about Atlassian Creating software that empowers everyone from small startups to the who’s who of tech is why we’re here. We build tools like Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, and Trello to help teams across the world become more nimble, creative, and aligned—collaboration is the heart of every product we dream of at Atlassian. From Amsterdam and Austin, to Sydney and San Francisco, we’re looking for people who want to write the future and who believe that we can accomplish so much more together than apart. At Atlassian, we’re committed to an environment where everyone has the autonomy and freedom to thrive, as well as the support of like-minded colleagues who are motivated by a common goal to: Unleash the potential of every team. Additional Information We believe that the unique contributions of all Atlassians is the driver of our success. To make sure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience we never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. If your experience looks a little different from what we’ve identified and you think you can rock the role, we’d love to learn more about you. Learn more about Atlassian’s culture, interviewing flow, and hiring process by checking out our Candidate Resource Hub."
535,535,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=02c69704aad2cc61&fccid=c267f29f0f85e8b8&vjs=3,"We are now looking for a Developer Technology Engineer, Data Analytics: Data Analytics is one of the rapidly growing fields in GPU accelerated computing. Data preprocessing and data engineering are traditionally CPU based and are becoming the bottleneck for Machine Learning (ML) and Deep Learning (DL) applications, as performance of the frameworks and core ML/DL libraries has been highly optimized leveraging GPUs. Many of today’s applications have complex data analytics pipelines that can benefit from optimizations in memory management, compression, parallel algorithms like sort, search, join, aggregation, groupby, scaling up to multi GPU systems, and scaling out to many nodes. Take a look at some of the open-source projects that our Devtech team have worked on: NVIDIA nvcomp , NVIDIA Distributed join , NVIDIA cuCollections What you will be doing: In this role, you will research and develop techniques to GPU-accelerate applications across data analytics domains, e.g., ETL, ML, graphs, etc., and intersecting with DL. Work directly with key customers to perform in-depth analysis and optimization of complex data intensive workloads to ensure the best possible performance on current and next-generation GPU architectures. Collaborate with libraries, tools, system software architecture, hardware, and research teams at NVIDIA to influence the design of next-generation programming models, software, and architectures. What we need to see: You are completing a Bachelors, Masters, PhD, or equivalent experience in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related computationally focused science degree. Programming fluency in C/C++ with a deep understanding of algorithms and software design. Experience with parallel programming, e.g., CUDA, OpenACC, OpenMP, MPI, pthreads, TBB, etc. In-depth expertise with computer architecture fundamentals, especially memory subsystem. Good communication and organization skills, with a logical approach to problem solving, and prioritization skills. Ways to stand out from the crowd: Domain expertise in data analytics, e.g., ETL, ML, graph applications . Experience optimizing the performance of distributed systems and frameworks , Spark highly desired. Background with compression, storage systems, networking, and distributed systems. Experience with linear algebra and machine learning applications. Graduate degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related engineering discipline. The Developer Technology Engineer (DevTech) plays a crucial role in the success of NVIDIA and our customers. DevTechs work with external technologists to investigate performance of their applications, design parallel algorithms and implement optimizations in a GPU accelerated computing environment. As recognized experts in the field we publish our findings in developer blogs or at relevant conferences and workshops. With visibility to our customers, the industry, and academia we are important representatives of NVIDIA as a technology leader. Within NVIDIA we contribute valuable application expertise that influences next generation hardware and software products. As critical problem solvers, we deepen our expertise, expand our knowledge, and work across domains and organizations. Whether you are a leading industry luminary or early in your career, the Developer Technology Team provides ample opportunity for growth in the exciting field of GPU accelerated computing! NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of technology’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people on the planet working for us. Does contributing to and pushing the boundaries of state-of-the-art in GPU Accelerated Computing, HPC and Artificial Intelligence excite you? If so, we want to hear from you! The Colorado Equal Pay for Equal Work Act requires that NVIDIA provide the compensation range and benefits offered for this position if performed in Colorado. The base salary range for this position in Colorado is $111,600.00 - 153,450.00 USD. NVIDIA also offers a comprehensive benefits package. We provide health care coverage, dental and vision, 401(K), including company matching and after tax contributions, Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP), Employee Assistance Program (EAP), company paid holidays, paid sick leave, vacation leave, professional time off, life and disability protection. Employees in eligible sales and positions may also be eligible for commission. Base pay is based on market location and may vary based on factors including experience, skills, education, and other job-related reasons. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. #deeplearning"
536,536,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=05954e178f9fcc86&fccid=e490ccf806951166&vjs=3,"At Toyota Research Institute (TRI), we’re working to build a future where everyone has the freedom to move, engage, and explore with a focus on reducing vehicle collisions, injuries, and fatalities. Join us in our mission to improve the quality of human life through advances in artificial intelligence, automated driving, robotics, and materials science. We’re dedicated to building a world of “mobility for all” where everyone, regardless of age or ability, can live in harmony with technology to enjoy a better life. Through innovations in AI, we: Develop vehicles incapable of causing a crash, regardless of the actions of the driver.Develop technology for vehicles and robots to help people enjoy new levels of independence, access, and mobility.Bring sophisticated mobility technology to market faster.Discover new materials that will make drive batteries and hydrogen fuel cells smaller, lighter, less expensive, and more powerful. Our work is guided by a dedication to safety – in how we research, develop, and validate the performance of technology to benefit society. As a subsidiary of Toyota, TRI is fueled by a diverse and inclusive community of people who carry invaluable leadership, experience, and ideas from industry-leading companies. Over half of our technical team carries Ph.D. degrees. We’re continually searching for the world’s best talent ‒ people who are ready to define the new world of mobility with us! We strive to build a company that helps our people thrive, achieve work-life balance, and bring their best selves to work. At TRI, you will have the opportunity to enjoy the best of both worlds ‒ a fun start-up environment with forward-thinking people who enjoy solving global problems and the financial backing to optimally achieve our goals. If you’re passionate about working with smart people to make cars safer, enable the elderly to age in place, or design alternative fuel sources, TRI is the place for you. ‒ Start your impossible with us. Our Machine Learning (ML) team is looking for Computer Vision Research Scientists with expertise in Multimodal Perception, Meta-Learning, Few-shot/Zero-shot Learning, or Neural Architecture Search to improve dynamic scene understanding for robots. We are working on some of the hardest scientific challenges around the safe and effective usage of large robotic fleets, simulation, and prior knowledge (geometry, physics, domain knowledge, behavioral science), not only for automation but also for human augmentation. As a Research Scientist, you will work with a multidisciplinary team proposing, conducting, and transferring cutting-edge research in Machine Learning. You will use large amounts of sensory data and simulation to tackle open problems, publish at top academic venues, and test your ideas in the real world (including our robots and test vehicles of course!). You will also work closely with other teams at TRI to transfer and ship our most successful algorithms and models towards world-scale long-term autonomy and advanced assistance systems. Responsibilities and required qualifications are as follows: Responsibilities: Conduct ambitious research in Machine Learning that solves open problems of high practical value and validates them in real-world benchmarks and systems. Push the boundaries of knowledge and the state of the art in ML areas including simulation, perception, prediction, and planning for autonomous driving and robotics. Partner with a multidisciplinary team including other research scientists and engineers across the ML team, TRI, Toyota, and our university partners. Stay up to date on the state-of-the-art in Machine Learning ideas and software. Present results in verbal and written communications, internally, at top international venues, and via open-source contributions to the community. Lead collaborations with our external research partners (e.g., Stanford, Berkeley, MIT) and mentor research interns. Qualifications: Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in a quantitative field (e.g. Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, Chemistry). Ph.D. in Machine Learning, Robotics, Computer Vision, or related fields preferred. Deep expertise in at least one key ML area among Computer Vision, RL, ML theory, AI ethics. Proven track record of publishing at high-impact conferences/journals (CVPR, ICLR, NeurIPS, RSS, ICRA, ICCV, ECCV, PAMI, IJCV, etc.) on the aforementioned topics. Proficient at scientific python, Unix, and a common DL framework (preferably PyTorch). Experience with distributed learning (especially on AWS) is a plus. You can identify, propose, and lead new research projects, working in collaboration with other researchers and engineers to complete it from initial idea to working solution. You are passionate about large-scale challenges in ML, especially in the space of Automated Driving, Robotics, and for societal good in general. You are a reliable teammate. You like to think big and go deeper. You care about openness and delivering with integrity. Please add a link to Google Scholar and include a full list of publications when submitting your CV to this position. Please reference this Candidate Privacy Notice to inform you of the categories of personal information that we collect from individuals who inquire about and/or apply to work for Toyota Research Institute, Inc. or its subsidiaries, including Toyota A.I. Ventures GP, L.P., and the purposes for which we use such personal information."
537,537,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a3f664bd3fe17efd&fccid=c1099851e9794854&vjs=3,"Summary Posted: Aug 3, 2021 Weekly Hours: 40 Role Number:200221752 Would you like to play a part in the next revolution in human-computer interaction? Contribute to a product that is redefining mobile and desktop computing, and work with the people who built the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done — just by asking? The vision for the Siri Data Organization is to improve Siri by using data as the voice of our customers. Within this organization the mission of the Analytics team is to inform the evolution of Siri through measurement and analysis of the user experience. Part of this mission is achieved through human evaluation; as an Evaluation Scientist, you will drive how we design our evaluation tasks and guidelines. Key Qualifications Experience with human evaluation and/or an equivalent type of human-subjects task design (e.g., large scale studies) Excellent writing skills, especially with regards to guidelines. The tasks you design drives our data collection, so people must understand what you want them to do! Strong communication skills and the ability to drive projects. Collaborate with cross-functional partners to ensure our evaluation tasks produce meaningful data that can be leveraged across a variety of contexts. Analytics skills and ability to think about data. Data-querying skills (SQL - be able to use data to evaluate task designs) Experience with a scripting language for data processing and data analysis (e.g., Python, or R) Description The Siri Data Organization is seeking a talented Evaluation Scientist to drive methodologies for measuring how Siri is performing for our users as part of our evaluation program. Your will help curate data sets and metrics that will be used across Siri, and will impact key decisions on the Siri product! You will develop and own various evaluation tasks for curating data sets from our human evaluators. This will include:  - working with engineering teams to bring the tasks to life  - ensuring that the tasks are designed to elicit valid and reliable labels  - partnering cross-functionally to ensure that the tasks are providing data that meets the Siri organization’s needs - Author and collaborate on evaluation guidelines to ensure the human evaluators understand how to apply the guidelines and interact with the evaluation workflows - Conduct analyses to inform evaluation task designs and guidelines improvements Education & Experience Masters Degree plus 2+ years industry experience or a Bachelor's degree plus 5+ years of industry experience. Academic background in a social quantitative field such as Psychology, Cognitive Science, Sociology, Political Science, Quantitative Linguistics, or other related fields."
538,538,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=468501dbe60df1a0&fccid=cd808c272e6d956a&vjs=3,"About Houzz Houzz is the world’s leading platform for home remodeling and design, helping more than 2.5 million home professionals in over 100 categories to grow and manage their business. Through Houzz, a community of more than 65 million homeowners and home design enthusiasts find ideas, hire professionals, source products and access tools to update their homes from start to finish. Houzz is available in every country around the world with localized platforms in more than 10 countries across North America, Europe, Asia and Australia. About the Role Houzz is looking for a world-class Revenue Data Scientist to join our Industry Solutions data science team. This team is focused on uncovering critical insights and delivering models to leverage those findings thus powering intelligent business decisions. As a Revenue Data Scientist here at Houzz you are on the front line of uncovering insights to directly impact Houzz Revenue. __________________ What You’ll Do Collaborate with leadership, sales, finance, product, engineering, operations and marketing teams to identify, and optimize revenue enhancing opportunities. Design, develop & deploy necessary KPIs to measure, track and report on revenue and its drivers. Partner closely with sales and finance teams to aid analysis of revenue related projects. Identify and recommend enhancements to the data infrastructure. Measure and effectively communicate results to the entire organization. Contribute to upscaling the operations and processes of the data science team. At a Minimum, We’d Like You to Have An M.S degree in a technical discipline such as statistics, mathematics, computer science, operations research or economics 2+ years data science experience dealing with complex problems in subscription products, user retention, revenue and marketplaces. Strong proficiency in writing complex SQL queries, manipulating data with pandas, and common python data science libraries and generate dashboards in Tableau Experience with the hadoop data stack; HDFS, Presto & Hive Strong communication, presentation and interpersonal skills Be a self starter, with an ability to work independently and deliver quality results Ability to have fun! __________________ Be Who You Are and Do What You Love at Houzz We’re a Family At Houzz, we strive to create and foster a strong family environment in our workplace. We collaborate to accomplish our goals, always working as a team. We aim to build a culture of inclusion — celebrating and leveraging our differences for the betterment of one another, our products and our community. Houzz team members come from many backgrounds and bring diverse experiences to the company. We take pride in making each person feel at home. We Build the Future Join Houzz in revolutionizing the home remodeling and design industry and have an impact on our community of more than 65 million homeowners and home design enthusiasts who use our platform and the 2.5 million-plus home professionals around the world who grow and manage their business with Houzz Pro. Houzz has been named one of the most innovative companies in the world by CNBC and others, and is backed by top venture capitalists. At Houzz, you can help drive the future of an industry worth over $1 trillion in the U.S. and Europe alone. We Make Things Happen Our team members play a key role in guiding the direction of our company and are able to work across multiple groups to implement fresh ideas that allow Houzz to be the industry leader. If you are interested in applying your passion to create products that will transform the lives of millions of people who are designing, remodeling and decorating their homes, welcome to Houzz. Benefits and Perks Competitive salary Flexible paid time off Commuter benefits Medical, dental, vision and pet insurance Maternity/paternity leave program Employee assistance program 401k retirement savings plan Flexible spending accounts Healthy at Houzz program Houzz is an Equal Opportunity Employer. If you are a California resident applying for a job, you consent to our California Job Applicant Privacy Notice"
541,541,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5d7ea305860d9aad&fccid=9784ae78e9834539&vjs=3," Intuit is hiring a Principal Data Scientist to join our Intuit AI team in Mountain View, CA."
542,542,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=d4c97ba26099e68e&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"Applied Artificial Intelligence (AI) Research Scientist Location: San Jose Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries, we offer Strategy and Consulting, Interactive, Technology and Operations services—all powered by the world’s largest network of Advanced Technology and Intelligent Operations centers. Our 537,000 people deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity every day, serving clients in more than 120 countries. We embrace the power of change to create value and shared success for our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities. Visit us at www.accenture.com. In today’s business environment, growth isn’t just about building value—it's fundamental to long-term business survival. So how do organizations sustain themselves? The key is a new operating model—one that's anchored around the customer and propelled by intelligence to deliver exceptional experiences across the enterprise at speed and at scale. You will deliver breakthrough business outcomes for clients—by harnessing talent, data and intelligence to revolutionize their operating models. Operations is one of four services that make up one Accenture –the others are Strategy and Consulting, Interactive and Technology. The Applied Artificial Intelligence (AI) Research Scientist role entails end to end design and development of a functional component of the AI solution within the Artificial Intelligence, Insights and Intelligence group. Active collaboration with clients/client teams and broader AI, business, product, engineering, testing, and deployment teams within Accenture is expected. About the Team: Artificial Intelligence, Insights and Intelligence team focuses on building scalable enterprise AI solutions that augment the humans/ agents. The focus is to make the business processes more efficient thereby enhancing the overall end user experience. The team works with clients across diverse domains – Finance and Accounting, Customer Engagement, Marketing, Talent & HR, Procurement, Content Moderation spanning across industries Key Responsibilities: Translate the business requirements into technical requirements Analyze the data and data preparation to build the AI models Benchmark of the right AI models/ libraries that should be used for development Optimize the AI models built Integrate the functional component with the broader AI architecture Follow the testing and deployment standards  Basic Qualifications: Ph.D. or Masters Minimum of 2 years’ experience in natural language processing (NLP), artificial intelligence techniques, machine learning, deep learning, computer vision in corporate or academic research environments (including years in PhD or postdoc if the projects are in related areas) Minimum of 2 years’ experience in Python programming Preferred Qualifications: Preferred degree concentration in Computer Science, Computer or Electrical Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, Artificial Intelligence, Data Mining, Machine Learning or related scientific fields Ability to understand business context, generate ideas, and come up with creative solutions Proven programming skills to enable rapid prototyping and implementation of solutions Ability to work in a global collaborative team environment Proficient verbal and written communication skills in English Experience in product development particularly applying Artificial Intelligence As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $83,200 -$134,999 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
543,543,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=2bf8a3450e0b0dbd&fccid=9cbee42cad63ad9e&vjs=3,"About Blackhawk Network:  At Blackhawk Network, we shape the future of global branded payments through the prepaid products, technologies and network that connect brands and people. Our collaborative innovation and scalable, security-minded solutions help our partners to increase reach, loyalty and revenue. We believe our future holds great things for Blackhawk Network and its partners. We believe that together, we can shape the future. Our beliefs? Win as one team, be innovative, global excellence and be inspiring! So, what are you waiting for? Shape your career and join our global network. Overview:  We are looking for a Data Scientist to join our Finance team.This person will be responsible supporting the FP&A team in analyzing breakage and develop custom predictive models. The person in this highly visible role will synthesize complex data from multiple sources to deliver business insight and strategic guidance to sales, marketing, product and leadership teams. If you are curious , creative, enjoy researching and analyzing data and looking for an opportunity to grow professionally, we want to speak with you! Location: US-CA, Pleasanton or Virtual Pacific Time Zone  Responsibilities: Develop custom models and algorithms to apply to large datasets and analyze their performance Mine and analyze data from different resources, and use predictive modeling for breakage outcome Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of data sources and data gathering techniques Understand and apply proper risk framework to your analysis and modeling Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging data to drive business decisions Collaborate cross-functionally to implement models and monitor outcomes Qualifications: 2+ years of experience in Analytics, Data Science or Data Engineering as an individual contributor. An advanced degree in a quantitative field - computer science, engineering, statistics, operations research, economics, etc. Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on translating real-life problems into a concrete model development strategy. Blend academic rigor with a sense of pragmatism for rapidly prototyping and delivering solutions Experience using web services (AWS, GCP), data warehouse and visualization tools Experience applying a wide range of statistical techniques to large data sets Experience with ERP tools Basic understanding of Financial, Accounting and GAAP Strong presentation skills with the ability to effectively engage with external/internal clients Successfully engage in multiple initiatives simultaneously Proven organizational skills with attention to detail Modeling experience is required Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment #LI-KS1 #GLDR EEO Statement:  BHN provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, BHN will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities."
544,544,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8cf819cea1f16225&fccid=e6d4ba9e2cfe7902&vjs=3,"Atlassian can hire people in any country where we have a legal entity, assuming candidates have eligible working rights and a sufficient timezone overlap with their team. As our offices re-open, Atlassians can choose to work remotely or return to an office, unless it’s necessary for the role to be performed in the office. Interviews and onboarding are conducted virtually, a part of being a distributed-first company.  Confluence is changing the way companies collaborate and share information. More than half of Fortune 100 companies, hundreds of thousands of teams, and millions of users use Confluence every day to get their jobs done, faster and more collaboratively. Join us as we unleash the power of teams all over the globe. We are looking for a top-tier data scientist to work on Confluence product analytics. The role needs to manage a multi area within product analytics, with the possibility of having direct reports. Product performance and scalability is the backbone of any B2B cloud products. On top of this, user’s needs for workplace collaboration products are fast evolving. Therefore, this role is multidisciplinary. You need to have the skills to dig deep into both performance and API data as well as usage data, connect the dots together quickly and communicate insights in a way that persuades action. Your product managers, UX designers, and full stack software engineers, lean on you for data informed decisions. Particularly for this role, you will have the opportunity to shape product roadmap. On the first day, we'll expect you to have: 5+ years of experience in a product analytics function Expertise in SQL and proficiency in Python Thorough understanding of usage data creation process and experience of partnering with engineering teams for data tracking Experience in designing and analyzing product experiments Ability to turn complex findings into a compelling narrative and a set of actions Track record of influencing decision-making using analytics Background in Engineering or quantitative subject (e.g. Mathematics, Physics, etc) It's great, but not required if you have: Experience in both enterprise (or B2B) as well as consumer (or B2C) environments Management experience More about our team  Product Analytics at Atlassian is an exciting and fast growing space. At our core, we drive value for both our customers and the business by understanding how and why our users use our products. We are a highly collaborative team of high achievers. We love to explore, challenge and have a lot of fun along the way. More about our benefits Whether you work in an office or a distributed team, Atlassian is highly collaborative and yes, fun! To support you at work (and play) we offer some fantastic perks: ample time off to relax and recharge, flexible working options, five paid volunteer days a year for your favourite cause, an annual allowance to support your learning & growth, unique ShipIt days, a company paid trip after five years and lots more. More about Atlassian Creating software that empowers everyone from small startups to the who’s who of tech is why we’re here. We build tools like Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, and Trello to help teams across the world become more nimble, creative, and aligned—collaboration is the heart of every product we dream of at Atlassian. From Amsterdam and Austin, to Sydney and San Francisco, we’re looking for people who want to write the future and who believe that we can accomplish so much more together than apart. At Atlassian, we’re committed to an environment where everyone has the autonomy and freedom to thrive, as well as the support of like-minded colleagues who are motivated by a common goal to: Unleash the potential of every team. Additional Information We believe that the unique contributions of all Atlassians is the driver of our success. To make sure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience we never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. If your experience looks a little different from what we’ve identified and you think you can rock the role, we’d love to learn more about you. Learn more about Atlassian’s culture, interviewing flow, and hiring process by checking out our Candidate Resource Hub."
545,545,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=95d97526d10d9b42&fccid=c267f29f0f85e8b8&vjs=3,"NVIDIA is seeking computer architects to help design processor and system architectures that will enable compelling Deep Learning performance, architecture and efficiency improvements. This role offers the opportunity to directly impact the future hardware roadmap in a fast-growing technology company that leads the AI revolution. If you are obsessed with improving deep learning performance beyond anything possible with today’s hardware and software, this is the place to be. What you’ll be doing: Understand, analyze, profile, and optimize deep learning training workloads on state-of-the-art hardware and software platforms. Guide development of future generations of deep learning processors and computing platforms. Develop detailed performance models and simulators for computing systems accelerating DL training. Collaborate across the company to guide the direction of machine learning at NVIDIA; spanning teams from hardware to software and research to production. Drive HW/SW co-design of NVIDIA’s full deep learning platform stack, from silicon to DL frameworks. What we'd like to see: You are pursuing a PhD or MS or have equivalent in CS, EE or CSEE (or equivalent experience). Strong background in computer architecture, preferably with focus on high-performance parallel processors. Background in machine learning and neural networks, in particular training. Experience analyzing and tuning application performance. Experience with processor and system-level performance modelling. Programming skills in C++ and Python. Familiarity with GPU computing (CUDA, OpenCL). NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. Are you creative and autonomous? Do you love a challenge? If so, we want to hear from you. Come, join our DL Architecture team and help build the real-time, cost-effective AI computing platform driving our success in this exciting and quickly growing field. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. #deeplearning"
546,546,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8c068a2f5dc7350a&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3," 5+ years of experience with data scripting languages (e.g SQL, Python, R etc.) or statistical/mathematical software (e.g. R, SAS, or Matlab) 4+ years working as a Data Scientist Bachelor or Master's degree in highly quantitative field (CS, machine learning, mathematics, statistics) or equivalent experience. Experience applying various machine learning techniques, and understanding the key parameters that affect their performance. Experience developing experimental and analytic plans for data modeling processes, use of strong baselines, and the ability to accurately determine cause and effect relationships. Have a history of building systems that capture and utilize large data sets in order to quantify performance via metrics or KPIs. Understanding of relevant statistical measures such as confidence intervals, significance of error measurements, development and evaluation data sets, etc.* Experienced in using multiple data science methodologies to solve complex business problems. Experienced in handling large data sets using SQL and databases in a business environment. Excellent verbal and written communication. Strong troubleshooting and problem solving skills. Thrive in a fast-paced, innovative environment.  As part of Alexa Shopping, Product Advisor's vision is to make Alexa the world's most knowledgeable product expert, while at the same time making sure Alexa knows you, the customer.  Working with voice-based experiences forces teams to leverage the state of the art for determining customer intent and satisfaction. Because most customer interactions lack a screen, there is little surface area that can be leveraged to collect explicit signals from customers about their intentions. And with voice being a less deterministic communication modality than point-and-click, the signals we do collect can themselves be a challenge to derive meaning from.  Product Advisor is looking for an experienced Senior Data Scientist to join a team solving complex natural language processing problems and helping develop insights about customer intent and satisfaction. This work will include segmentation analysis and persona building using big data, ML, and potentially AI. This is a blue-sky role that gives you a chance to roll up your sleeves and dive into big data sets in order to build simulations and experimentation systems at scale, build optimization algorithms and leverage cutting-edge technologies across Amazon. This is an opportunity to think big about how to solve a challenging problem for customers and understand their requirements for products. You will work closely with product and technical leaders throughout Alexa Shopping and will be responsible for influencing technical decisions in areas of development/modeling that you identify as critical future product offerings.  The ideal candidate will have extensive experience in Science work, business analytics, and have the aptitude to incorporate new approaches and methodologies while dealing with ambiguities in sourcing processes. Excellent business and communication skills are a must to develop and define key business questions and to build data sets that answer those questions. You should have a demonstrated ability to think strategically and analytically about business, product, and technical challenges. Further, you must have the ability to build and communicate compelling value propositions, and work across the organization to achieve consensus. This role requires a strong passion for customers, a high level of comfort navigating ambiguity, and a keen sense of ownership and drive to deliver results.   A Master's Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or Electrical Engineering Experience designing, building, launching, and operating internet-scale services for consumers Experience with machine learning, language understanding, and information retrieval systems  "
547,547,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5fb76f24fcfd1399&fccid=7442885bc0fa7c14&vjs=3," ServiceNow is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin or nationality, ancestry, age, disability, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status or any other category protected by law. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact us at +1 (408) 501-8550, or [email protected] for assistance. For positions requiring access to technical data subject to export control regulations, including Export Administration Regulations (EAR), ServiceNow may have to obtain export licensing approval from the U.S. Government for certain individuals. All employment is contingent upon ServiceNow obtaining any export license or other approval that may be required by the U.S. Government."
548,548,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=2083245b923e9ee1&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"Who we are: We are Accenture, a global professional services company and a leading partner to the world’s major cloud providers, including AWS, Azure, and Google. Our longstanding involvement with cloud technology (we have 34,000 completed cloud projects under our belt) was emphasized recently when we consolidated our multiple cloud teams into a single business practice called Accenture Cloud First. The organization is backed by a $3 billion investment over three years. As part of our Data & AI group, you will lead technology innovation for our clients through robust delivery of world-class solutions. There will never be a typical day and that’s why people love it here. The opportunities to make a difference within exciting client initiatives are unlimited in the ever-changing technology landscape. You will be part of a highly collaborative and growing network of technology and data experts, who are taking on today’s biggest, most complex business challenges using the latest data and analytics technologies. We will nurture your talent in an inclusive culture that values diversity. You will have an opportunity to work in roles such as Data Scientist, Data Engineer, or Chief Data Officer covering all aspects of Data including Data Management, Data Governance, Data Intelligence, Knowledge Graphs, and IoT. Come grow your career in Technology at Accenture!  What you need: 10+ years of engineering, technology architecture and delivery experience 10+ years of experience developing the strategy for and building data and analytics solutions 5+ years of experience in leading data strategy engagements involving the architecture of modern data platforms with technologies such as Big Data and Cloud 5+ years of management consulting experience Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience (minimum of 12 years), or an Associate degree with a minimum of 6 years of equivalent work experience. Bonus points if you have: Hands-on engineer with the ability to manage complex engineering projects with a “lean-in” leadership style Can speak with authority on the capabilities, strengths & weaknesses of the leading cloud platforms (Amazon Web Services, Azure, and Google Cloud). Extensive experience with enterprise data architecture for transactional systems, analytical platforms, master data management, data governance framework, data integration and large-scale data migration. Experience in DevOps Experience migrating applications and data to cloud platforms. Experience with relational and non-relational data platforms Experience with machine learning, artificial intelligence applications and Data Science development languages (R, Python, etc.). Understanding of data modeling principles, and Data Warehouse concepts (e.g., Kimball methodology for developing dimensional data models). Familiarity with data visualization and self-service BI/data warehousing/ advanced analytics tools. Methodologies for integration, data security, data governance and data sciences. As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is ($99,900-$168,499) and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
549,549,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=dbf796c6138ba1e7&fccid=86e9be6ce380173e&vjs=3,"The Role The reliability data team is looking for a Data Scientist/Software Engineer to utilize large-scale data and help Tesla engineers design and validate the most compelling and reliable products for our customers. The reliability data team collects real-time life data from test and fleet (energy, charging, and vehicle products) and is responsible for retrieving, analyzing and summarizing results to cross-functional teams. The team provides support through the whole design cycle by building software tools that orchestrate all the reliability physics analyses. The level of this position will be determined at the time of the interview. Responsibilities Build robust, flexible and automated software tools to enable complex analysis of real-time fleet Apply statistical analysis to test (accelerated life) and field (life) data to inform reliability physics modeling/analyses and associated corrective actions Work closely with Reliability and Design engineers to create/interpret/validate numeric models of fielded and in-test products Contribute to the automation and standardization of our data pipelines Build visualizations to effectively communicate results. Answer complex questions on fleet usage and behavior to enable proactive monitoring, grow reliability, and minimize field failures Requirements Bachelor’s degree or higher in quantitative discipline (e.g. Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Electrical Engineering, Industrial Engineering) or the equivalent in experience and evidence of exceptional ability Advanced knowledge of Python Strong knowledge of data structures, architectures and languages such as SQL Solid understanding of statistics (Weibull distribution, Maximum Likelihood Estimation, Bayesian methods, Monte Carlo analysis, etc.) General knowledge of physics and engineering principles Working knowledge of the Hadoop ecosystem (HDFS, Spark, Presto and HBase) Experience and interest in data visualization techniques (e.g. Matplotlib, Superset, Tableau) Ability to problem solve and adjust priorities with little advance notice to meet deadlines Strong verbal and written communication skills Nice to have Experience with developing predictive models on time-series data Experience using the JIRA ecosystem Experience with quick web application development (e.g. Flask, JQuery, Angular)"
550,550,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=b6a0055e942a2b7b&fccid=92dad6c269775a38&vjs=3,"Company Big Data Federation tackles complex financial and economic problems. We apply machine-learning technologies to our mass data to generate predictions and signals for our asset management subsidiary. Our team comprises a group of technologists, mathematicians, data scientists, industry analysts, economists, and programmers. The company was incorporated in 2015, is headquartered in San Jose, California and has an European office in Moldova. We are backed by one of the world’s largest venture capital firms. Job Profile This is an exciting role in which Silicon Valley meets Wall Street. You will play a key role in bringing technological innovation to the financial industry. In particular you will use your finely honed mathematical, computer science, and coding skills to create data-driven investment strategies and novel trading opportunities for our asset management firm. We particularly welcome passionate, data-oriented candidates eager to learn new skills, and mentor their colleagues in areas where they themselves excel. Responsibilities Collaborate with researchers to provide insights in data Do statistical analysis to figure out leading indicators to market Visualize and explore data to figure out patterns and create new predictive features Develop data science infrastructure tooling such as proprietary R packages Use modeling techniques with finance intuition to advance existing quantitative and fundamental strategies and introduce new opportunities Backtest trading strategies Collaborate with software engineers to handle data/prediction ingestions and deploy models Experience Solid background in statistics and mathematics Strong knowledge and hands-on experience in data analysis and fundamental machine-learning techniques Demonstrated experience highlighting innovation, creativity, and intuition Proficient in R (preferred), or Python, and their respective library ecosystems Familiar with financial analytics, time series econometrics, and trading strategies Able to mentor junior data scientists through code reviews and best practices Ability to multitask with attention to details Strong verbal and written communication and presentation skills Education PhD/Master’s degree in a technical or quantitative discipline, like math, statistics, science, engineering, with 2+ years of applied data analysis and prediction experience. Compensation Competitive salary; stock options; health benefits; paid time off; short- and long-term disability life insurance. Please send cover letter and resume to jobs@bigdatafed.com."
552,552,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a2c5b4496fc929f6&fccid=86e9be6ce380173e&vjs=3,"The Role: The Senior Environmental Sustainability Data Analyst will play a key role in Tesla’s Environmental Sustainability, Social Responsibility, and Governance (ESG) strategy by managing and continuously improving Tesla’s environmental data collection, analysis, and reporting processes for Tesla-operated locations. The Senior Environmental Sustainability Data Analyst will report to Tesla’s Global Manager of Environmental Affairs and will work with Tesla’s Environmental and ESG Teams to establish environmental sustainability goals, identify environmental footprint reduction projects, and monitor and report on Tesla’s accomplishments to internal and external stakeholders. Responsibilities: Implement and manage global, standardized processes to collect, analyze, and report on environmental sustainability and related financial data that align with selected environmental sustainability reporting frameworks. Work with Tesla’s EHS Information Technology and Systems team to select, design, and continuously improve the software tools used for environmental sustainability data collection, calculations, analysis, monitoring, and reporting. Collaborate with Tesla BI and data engineering teams to identify opportunities to improve and automate data collection processes and connect to data sources to assure timely, consistent, and accurate data collection. Collaborate with Tesla’s ESG and environmental teams to establish carbon/environmental footprint reduction goals/targets. Analyze environmental sustainability data and work cross-functionally to identify and evaluate carbon/environmental reduction projects, support project implementation, and monitor and report on results. Prepare documentation of Tesla’s environmental sustainability data collection, analysis, and reporting processes and results. Establish quality assurance processes to ensure accurate analyses and reporting and alignment with reporting standards and coordinate third party validation activities. Coordinate with Tesla’s ESG Team and Council to prepare environmental sustainability calculations for ESG reporting. Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in a field related to Environmental Management, Data Science, or a similarly technical and engineering-minded field preferred. 5-10 years' experience developing processes and preparing environmental calculations that align with the leading ESG frameworks including World Business Council for Sustainable Development guidelines on Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Reporting Protocol, Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), the Taskforce for Climate Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), and the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP). Experience contributing to Corporate ESG Reports. Experience developing environmental data collection systems, tools, databases, and/or software. Strong organizational, planning, and project management skills. Excellent attention to detail and ability to analyze data, leveraging information to provide clear, concise and supported recommendations for action. Interest and experience in common and best practices covering environmental sustainability. Capacity to work independently and simultaneously handle a variety of complex matters under deadline pressure. Strong skills in Microsoft Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Power BI, and SQL"
553,553,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0DSgjPPcnEdvoK3uuxfISLALE6pB1FR7YSHOr_tSg5_QKRYSnOT6R6UOXzcwA0IQugyUa7iCkPzY4elwQpOaNMtAXVGmW8pURgOVbpRCCOLzxN49PALRuTtXjwuc4FehPffKZ57Be8hAaaBln_GUyaXshedHpz5l5ex2hs71gk1t-Xo3GIK8ApZXhLQDTl4Tns5RL1ch9MNBAv-t55cH7Eq2ccvy58vu3ZUI6KRxq6XYH9-csuVgBD8lhF7d2wLM5dsmVG9buOy25womVGzsGdgelZh9ItjT81EsCGW9UfYnE5LUsVwUc0a6z3fl89eW3bZu43HMaD6VFE8H81BG4hgNtJ4F16zOKIQqyEnbtHIR9EZO5hnUVjcnLG9IYPCwccgNoNanLcqGKddJv9rzVHCXyRp-hfl9wjnfV15yM7mTKJJMYntEItte1LbiwYWkVC31-cML1ZY3j_k8XemuNwFpLcfsLGz6vHxjn974Rg-Xps3ovzlMDiJPByjKP2P5vRpEz3G-kSSe6KBa2u-CA5NDT118E8fyhLnxoJbIzmXbA==&p=5&fvj=0&vjs=3,"Location: Los Altos, CA Schedule: Monday-Friday, 9 AM - 5 PM Assignment Length: 6 month contract   HireArt is helping Toyota Research Institute (TRI) hire a highly motivated Jr. Data Engineer. In this role, you’ll be a part of the Annotation Operations team and contribute to data reporting and process automations. At TRI, the Annotation Operations team is responsible for managing and auditing (QAing) data to provide accurately labeled annotations for machine learning research and development. As Jr. Data Engineer, you'll contribute to this effort by generating quality reports and improving and automating operational processes pertaining to managing and auditing labeled data.  As Jr. Data Engineer, you will: Work closely with Annotation QA Specialists and the Data Engineering team to create scripts to help automate the quality assurance process. Analyze large amounts of annotated data and generate quality reports for stakeholders. Design and implement improvements to the audit management process. Set up automated cost and quality checks and monitors/dashboards. Report bugs to internal and external teams.  Requirements  Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience Proficient in Python, SQL and Git Intermediate to advanced data analysis (e.g., pandas) Experience using/interacting with REST APIs and databases (e.g., Postgres) Experience with data annotation and data analysis with regards to driving or other relevant experience is preferred but not required Strong attention to detail Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Commitment: This is a full-time (40 hours per week), 6-month contract position staffed via HireArt and based in Los Altos, CA. Work for this role will begin remotely but transition to on-site once offices reopen this year. HireArt values diversity and is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States. Unfortunately, we are not able to sponsor visas or employ corp-to-corp.  Company Description  At Toyota Research Institute (TRI), we’re working to build a future where everyone has the freedom to move, engage, and explore with a focus on reducing vehicle collisions, injuries, and fatalities. Join us in our mission to improve the quality of human life through advances in artificial intelligence, automated driving, robotics, and materials science. We’re dedicated to building a world of “mobility for all” where everyone, regardless of age or ability, can live in harmony with technology to enjoy a better life. Through innovations in AI, we’ll...Develop vehicles incapable of causing a crash, regardless of the actions of the driver.Develop technology for vehicles and robots to help people enjoy new levels of independence, access, and mobility.Bring advanced mobility technology to the market faster.Discover new materials that will make drive batteries and hydrogen fuel cells smaller, lighter, less expensive and more powerful. Our work is guided by a dedication to safety – in how we research, develop, and validate the performance of vehicle technology to benefit society. As a subsidiary of Toyota, TRI is fueled by a diverse and inclusive community of people who carry invaluable leadership, experience, and ideas from industry-leading companies. Over half of our technical team carries Ph.D. degrees. We’re continually searching for the world’s best talent ‒ people who are ready to define the new world of mobility with us! We strive to build a company that helps our people thrive, achieve work-life balance, and bring their best selves to work. At TRI, you will have the opportunity to enjoy the best of both worlds ‒ a fun start-up environment with brilliant people who enjoy solving tough problems and the financial backing to successfully achieve our goals. If you’re passionate about working with smart people to make cars safer, enable the elderly to age in place, or design alternative fuel sources, TRI is the place for you. ‒ Start your impossible with us."
555,555,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=14f11c895302c402&fccid=90344e51e9e06acc&vjs=3,"Wealthfront is the leader in the vision to deliver financial optimization and automation to everyone. Data and its proper use is crucial to that vision and the data science team plays a fundamental role in understanding and interpreting those data sources. The data science team analyzes our rich financial and behavioral data to make key business decisions, creates data products to deliver personalized product experiences, and develops best in class investment algorithms. The team draws from a variety of backgrounds in Computer Science & Engineering, Statistics, Economics, Math, Operations Research, and Financial Engineering. We derive strength from this diversity and are constantly learning and teaching each other in a down-to-earth, fun-loving environment. We are neither too big where you would be just another cog in the system, nor are we too small that none of our efforts can be realized. You will be challenged with meaningful and substantial technical problems which will help you learn and grow. Join our passionate and innovative team with your fresh ideas and initiative to deliver on this great vision. We are seeking an analytics data scientist to join the Wealthfront data science team. The primary responsibility of this role is to provide statistical and machine learning expertise to either the growth or marketing areas of the company. Your focus will span topics related to a/b experimentation, dashboarding/visualizations, and model building with an emphasis on interpretability and actionable insights. The ideal candidate will interface with the areas and address their business needs while maintaining the rigors of a sound technical analysis. Responsibilities: Perform ad hoc data analyses for stakeholder areas Conduct a/b experiments and other more complex statistical analyses Build statistical and machine learning models for statistical inference and prediction Communicate results to stakeholders and provide actionable insights in a cohesive, compelling narrative Collaborate and interact continuously with other teams (data engineering, product, design, marketing, and compliance) Proactively and independently suggest directions for new products and ongoing enhancements to existing products based on up-to-date quantitative evidence Requirements: Bachelor’s or Master’s in statistics, math, applied math, physics, economics, biostatistics, computer science or related area 2+ years of working experience with statistical analyses, data mining, and/or model building/machine learning applications Strong foundation in statistics and probability Programming competency in Python or R Strong presentation skills and ability to communicate technical content to an audience with various backgrounds Everyone across the financial spectrum deserves to live secure and rewarding lives. In order to successfully serve clients across the United States, the Wealthfront team is focused on hiring team members with a diverse range of backgrounds, experiences and perspectives. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.   About Wealthfront Wealthfront is a nextgen banking and investing service on a mission to build a financial system that favors people, not institutions. We help you grow your wealth through automated investing and savings tools and give you a complete picture of your financial life with an intuitive mobile app. Our ultimate vision is to optimize and automate all of our clients’ finances and build what we call Self-Driving Money™️. We want clients to be able to automatically deposit their paycheck into their Wealthfront Cash Account, and let us take care of the rest — pay their bills, top off their emergency fund or 401(k), and invest the rest in their Wealthfront Investing accounts based on their goals. Join us and help turn this industry on its head and build a service that our clients don't just like, they love."
556,556,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=fbfe030654471bec&fccid=86e9be6ce380173e&vjs=3,"The Role: Tesla’s Energy Fulfillment Software Team builds the software systems and automation that power the delivery of Tesla’s suite of energy products, including Solar, Powerwall, and Solar Roof. We are looking for an engineer who has deep geospatial experience. Responsibilities: Scale our ability to create 3D reconstructions from sparse data Draw on your experience and on existing research to develop novel methods to extract data from geospatial sources Design, build, and deploy software systems to analyze, model, and deliver energy products to customers efficiently Requirements:Experience working with geospatial data, multi-view geometry, and 3D reconstructionStrong conceptual grasp of machine vision algorithms for e.g., point cloud registration, feature extraction, and bundle adjustmentPortfolio of successful projects using deep learning libraries, e.g. PyTorch, TensorFlow, OpenCV, or other open-source image processing librariesSome experience with data science tools including Python scripting, numpy, scipy, matplotlib, scikit-learn, jupyter notebooks, bash scripting, Linux environment.Some experience with common Geospatial tools including QGIS, GDAL, or equivalentExperience with basic software engineering tools, e.g., git, continuous integration, unit testing, and general object-oriented design Nice to haveExperience working in an enterprise software development environmentExperience deploying machine learning models into production, optimizing inference speedFamiliar with agile and scrum-based software development processesFamiliarity with or experience using cloud or workload-based programming modelsFormer work with RESTful or RPC APIs and database technologies such as MSSQL, MySQL, or RedisAbility to read and implement related academic literature and experience in applying state of the art deep learning models to computer vision (e.g. segmentation, detection) or a closely related area (speech, NLP)."
557,557,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=cbb5e3198c3f903a&fccid=655e4cf30bd1e37a&vjs=3,"Data Scientist Job Description: Based in Palo Alto, California, Prealize Health is a predictive analytics company that leverages machine learning and clinical expertise to help patients obtain better care, sooner. Most of healthcare today is very reactive – with care being delivered when someone is already ill. We believe that healthcare should be about keeping individuals and their families well – to prevent them from ever becoming sick. Building on years of published research from our founders at Stanford University, our mission is to give patients, providers, and payers the insights they need to improve patient health and prevent adverse medical events. Through machine learning and the extensive experience of our founders, team, and advisors in healthcare, we are committed to helping healthcare organizations see around the corner so that they can take a proactive approach to helping patients. We are seeking a Data Scientist to join our team. You will work closely with our other data scientists, engineers, and product managers to help develop data-driven products and machine learning systems that will directly affect patient lives. Your expert knowledge in data modeling and machine learning applications will be crucial to our mission and the success of the company. As a Data Scientist you will:Develop and apply methods in statistics, machine learning and deep learning to expand and improve our product offersWork closely with our clients to understand their needs and translate them into machine learning-powered solutionsWork with our product team to ensure we create the highest value products possible for our partnersWork with our engineering team to enhance the quality, robustness, and extensibility of our platform for millions of patientsWork with our advisors and keep up to date on relevant literature to ensure we use the best approaches availableDocument and present your work to the team and our partners You will love this job if:You are passionate about making an impact in healthcare and want to work in a fast-paced environmentYou enjoy translating high-level goals and business use cases into concrete implementationsYou love to collaborate with technical and non-technical stakeholdersYou are passionate about scalable and reproducible machine learning Qualifications:2+ years of experience in data science or machine learning engineeringBS or MS in computer science, engineering, statistics, biostatistics, bioengineering or related field and experience with applied problemsExpert in Python, R, or similar programming languageExpert knowledge in machine learning such as regression and classification approaches (random forests, neural networks, etc.)Experience with software development tools such as version controlExperience developing with cloud tools e.g. AWS, DatabricksExperience working on interdisciplinary, collaborative projects as well as experience leading independent research projectsAbility to research and come up with strategies to solve novel challengesExcellent communication skills Nice to Have but Not Required:Experience in deep learningExperience in the healthcare domain 4pzHbaiFZL"
559,559,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=15352a0317bf5955&fccid=bdbc38ad07a162e4&vjs=3,"Looking for: Analytical individual with a proven track record of expert level ability in analytical techniques, model development and deployment and high-velocity transactional data A communicator with strong interpersonal skills, ability to work effectively with all levels of the organization. A Self-motivator who is highly organized, and able to prioritize and manage multiple projects simultaneously.  Responsibilities: Your focus will be generating customer insights the improve online and offline marketing targeting and customer experience Your will also focus on automating reporting that can be easily consumed by different stakeholders You will consolidate, validate and investigate big data from multiple sources to find and deliver actionable insights to business partners and to upper management to make informed business decisions You will create data driven attribution statistical models of Marketing touches and customer responses to measure and maximize ROI  Desired Skills and Qualifications: BS, MS in a field related to Data Science, Computer Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, or a closely related quantitative is required 4+ years of work into data analytics Excellent Excel skills, including Marcos Comfortable with both structured and unstructured data Experience with visualization tools such as DOMO or Tableau Experience with analytics tools as Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics, or Meltwater is a plus"
560,560,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=db3e12e89617c00c&fccid=734cb5a01ee60f80&vjs=3, Required Qualifications:
561,561,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=633616a0b8161c29&fccid=a3f0bced351c4330&vjs=3,"About Us: Tula’s core philosophy is built on the idea that every engine or motor, whether gas, diesel or electric, has a so-called “sweet spot” of efficient operation. Tula’s DSF and DMD control strategies are designed to have engines (both gasoline and diesel) and motors operate a greater percentage of time at (or near) their natural sweet spots, and in the process, fuel/energy is saved and emissions are reduced. Tula’s DSF technology has been recognized by the International Council of Clean Transportation (ICCT) as being one of the technologies that are essential for helping global automakers meet fuel efficiency mandates. With more than 340 patents (issued and pending) we’re focused on developing applications for passenger automobiles, commercial vehicles – both on and off road – and electric vehicles of any size. Based in our San Jose, CA headquarters, the Software/Machine Learning Engineer will work on the end-to-end architecture, design, and development of machine learning projects for Tula’s advanced engine control products. You will join an enthusiastic team of developers to innovative ML algorithms for Tula’s next-generation engine efficiency technology.  Develop Neural Nets or other ML solutions like Gradient Boosted Models to implement Tula engine fault detection algorithms and auto-calibration methodology Collaborate with other engineers on data collection, coding, and prototyping/testing Develop code in a structured manner with top-down architectural specification, with testing requirement considered Oversee data collection, including requirement, processing, and validating of data Use best practices for software development, including functional specs, code reviews, revision control and unit testing  Requirements:  MS in CS or EE preferred with 3-5 years of industry experience ML development experience Experience in Automotive such as: combustion engines, electric motors, or battery management Strong coding skills with emphasis on well-structured coding and test methodology Experience in developing software for real-time applications (such as control or communications), and understanding of real-time processing issues Experience working with customers both internal and external and organizing data collection efforts Effective communication skills (both oral and written) and a positive, team-oriented attitude Ability to work in a dynamic environment where initiative is a must, including the flexibility to work in multiple aspects of software release process.  Bonus Points:  Simulink/MATLAB or Python programming experience Experience with available ML packages, like Scikit-learn, NumPy or PyTorch/TensorFlow Aptitude for algorithmic development and/or implementation in Simulink or C"
562,562,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=d63e82420f3d28cc&fccid=19486b46783ccb37&vjs=3,"CLARA Analytics is looking for an experienced Machine Learning Engineer to join the data science team. You will have the opportunity to design and build the next generation of infrastructure to be the foundation of our machine learning models throughout their lifecycle. We are located in Santa Clara, CA, but working remotely is an option.  This is a chance to join a welcoming and collaborative team at a rapidly growing Silicon Valley company. Our mission is to drive the best claims outcomes for both insurers and the insured using innovative machine learning, including deep learning and natural language processing. Our models provide key insights and predictions that guide the claims adjuster in making optimal decisions at every step of the claim process.  Why grow your career with InsureTech? Insurance companies have invested in digitized claims management systems, and are now taking the next step in realizing the full potential of this data. CLARA Analytics is the leader in providing the most technologically advanced solutions in this space, dedicated to expanding the horizons of what is possible. We hope you will join us, bringing your own creativity and expertise to achieve our vision together.  Additional information  At CLARA, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Key Responsibilities Gather requirements and drive decision making on technologies for creating DS pipelines that scale to big data Build infrastructure to support the full model development and deployment lifecycle Guide the transformation from current DS Python scripts to leverage scalable and distributed big data technologies such as Spark and PySpark Onboard customers, and refresh and retrain existing deep learning, machine learning and NLP models Build automatable testing frameworks for development and production systems, including monitoring production models Collaborate with data engineering and product teams on developing new capabilities Keep up to date with the latest technology trends Mentor junior team members  Skills Knowledge and Expertise 5+ years experience at a software company as a machine learning engineer, data scientist, or in related fields Experience building machine learning model pipelines using cloud technologies such as AWS or platforms such as Databricks Experience with distributed systems such as Spark Knowledge of good production level coding practices for Python and PySpark Well versed with model development lifecycle including training, feature engineering, testing and monitoring Experience leading projects requiring cross-team coordination  Benefits CLARA analytics offers a great benefits package to all full-time employees. Some of the perks you will enjoy are low cost healthcare (or we pay you to opt out!), monthly wellness/gym reimbursement, 401k match, public transportation cost assistance, skill building reimbursements, and more! We encourage creativity and recognize our employee’s talents and contributions with monthly peer recognition “high five” awards. We also work hard to keep employees engaged during Shelter At Home with weekly All Hands meetings, occasional gift packages & doordash surprises. Apply now to be part of a growing, vibrant company! About CLARA Analytics We built product platforms that are: Best-of-breed Our machine learning-driven solutions illuminate the most accurate and robust data findings in the industry  Easy to use and implement Although the data science driving our products is complex, we make it simple for our customers to drive results  High performing Our customers see an increased ROI of 10x after implementing the CLARA platform"
563,563,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5476a6f6c30a3e34&fccid=9d614a76893de90a&vjs=3,"The Data Scientist organizes and analyzes data collected from lidars operating in diverse environments, providing insights that inform Aeva engineers, management, and our customers about the real-world performance of our systems. These insights are used to discover what sources of variability in our systems have significant implications to our customers, to validate our lab-based tests, and to calibrate our simulation models. The data scientist works with our perception team to curate data sets for training and evaluation, identify corner cases, and evaluate system performance across time, geography, and weather conditions. In collaboration with our business development teams, the data scientist mines our database to find relevant scenarios to illustrate the performance of our systems in a statistically-grounded manner. The Data Scientist identifies gaps in our datasets, and with help from our characterization engineers, specifies targeted data collection campaigns. The data scientist is also a source of new insights into the capabilities of our system, identifying new opportunities and use cases for our system that can lead to opening new markets for our products. What you'll be doing: Curates our database: organizing, adding metadata, and developing filtering tools (in collaboration with the SW team) as appropriate to aid in data exploration & mining Targeted data exploration: responds to customer inquiries by performing correlational studies using observational and experimental data. Develops study designs where needed What you have: Advanced degree (MS or PhD) in statistics or related field MS + 10 years work experience / PhD + 5 years work experience Strong foundation in statistics, experimental design Understanding of modern machine learning a plus Incisive analytical skills, with the demonstrated ability to create and manipulate visual representations of complex data Fluency in relevant statistical analysis and programming tools (R, SPSS, JMP, Python, etc) Databases:Fluency with database query construction and experience creating database schema Experience working with lidar point cloud data sets Solid foundations in physics, especially optics. (undergraduate level or higher) What's in it for you: Be part of a fast paced and dynamic team Very competitive compensation and meaningful stock grants Exceptional benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision, and more Unlimited PTO: We care about results, not punching timecards Aeva is building the next-generation of sensing and perception for autonomous vehicles and beyond. With its unique ability to measure instantaneous velocity for each pixel, long range performance at high resolutions, while being free from LiDAR or sunlight interference, Aeva’s 4D LiDAR is built from the ground up at silicon photonics scale for mass market applications."
567,567,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=02c69704aad2cc61&fccid=c267f29f0f85e8b8&vjs=3,"We are now looking for a Developer Technology Engineer, Data Analytics: Data Analytics is one of the rapidly growing fields in GPU accelerated computing. Data preprocessing and data engineering are traditionally CPU based and are becoming the bottleneck for Machine Learning (ML) and Deep Learning (DL) applications, as performance of the frameworks and core ML/DL libraries has been highly optimized leveraging GPUs. Many of today’s applications have complex data analytics pipelines that can benefit from optimizations in memory management, compression, parallel algorithms like sort, search, join, aggregation, groupby, scaling up to multi GPU systems, and scaling out to many nodes. Take a look at some of the open-source projects that our Devtech team have worked on: NVIDIA nvcomp , NVIDIA Distributed join , NVIDIA cuCollections What you will be doing: In this role, you will research and develop techniques to GPU-accelerate applications across data analytics domains, e.g., ETL, ML, graphs, etc., and intersecting with DL. Work directly with key customers to perform in-depth analysis and optimization of complex data intensive workloads to ensure the best possible performance on current and next-generation GPU architectures. Collaborate with libraries, tools, system software architecture, hardware, and research teams at NVIDIA to influence the design of next-generation programming models, software, and architectures. What we need to see: You are completing a Bachelors, Masters, PhD, or equivalent experience in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related computationally focused science degree. Programming fluency in C/C++ with a deep understanding of algorithms and software design. Experience with parallel programming, e.g., CUDA, OpenACC, OpenMP, MPI, pthreads, TBB, etc. In-depth expertise with computer architecture fundamentals, especially memory subsystem. Good communication and organization skills, with a logical approach to problem solving, and prioritization skills. Ways to stand out from the crowd: Domain expertise in data analytics, e.g., ETL, ML, graph applications . Experience optimizing the performance of distributed systems and frameworks , Spark highly desired. Background with compression, storage systems, networking, and distributed systems. Experience with linear algebra and machine learning applications. Graduate degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related engineering discipline. The Developer Technology Engineer (DevTech) plays a crucial role in the success of NVIDIA and our customers. DevTechs work with external technologists to investigate performance of their applications, design parallel algorithms and implement optimizations in a GPU accelerated computing environment. As recognized experts in the field we publish our findings in developer blogs or at relevant conferences and workshops. With visibility to our customers, the industry, and academia we are important representatives of NVIDIA as a technology leader. Within NVIDIA we contribute valuable application expertise that influences next generation hardware and software products. As critical problem solvers, we deepen our expertise, expand our knowledge, and work across domains and organizations. Whether you are a leading industry luminary or early in your career, the Developer Technology Team provides ample opportunity for growth in the exciting field of GPU accelerated computing! NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of technology’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people on the planet working for us. Does contributing to and pushing the boundaries of state-of-the-art in GPU Accelerated Computing, HPC and Artificial Intelligence excite you? If so, we want to hear from you! The Colorado Equal Pay for Equal Work Act requires that NVIDIA provide the compensation range and benefits offered for this position if performed in Colorado. The base salary range for this position in Colorado is $111,600.00 - 153,450.00 USD. NVIDIA also offers a comprehensive benefits package. We provide health care coverage, dental and vision, 401(K), including company matching and after tax contributions, Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP), Employee Assistance Program (EAP), company paid holidays, paid sick leave, vacation leave, professional time off, life and disability protection. Employees in eligible sales and positions may also be eligible for commission. Base pay is based on market location and may vary based on factors including experience, skills, education, and other job-related reasons. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. #deeplearning"
569,569,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=319c703153d80f3f&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3," Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, a related field, or equivalent experience Experience using content publishing tools to write, format, manage, and publish high-quality content Experience with content strategy and design Proven ability to learn new technologies quickly Ability to write example code: Python, C++, R, or another programming language Experience working with XML, markdown, rst, and HTML Familiarity with using and following a style guide Experience with cloud computing/web services or related areas Knowledge of machine learning frameworks, such as XGBoost or SKLearn, and/or... Knowledge of deep learning frameworks, such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, or MXNet Familiarity with Jupyter notebooks Strong written and verbal communication skills  Are you interested in machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI/ML)? Are you deeply curious about cloud computing? Are you a good writer that also dabbles in writing code? If so, you might be interested in a position as a Programmer Writer at Amazon Web Services (AWS).  As an AWS Programmer Writer, you will have the opportunity to work with a talented technical team to produce technical documentation and code examples in a cross-functional, distributed environment. Amazon.com is committed to being a leader in the web services marketplace, and one of the key measures of success is how well we support the developers who use AWS products. The documentation team plays a vital role in getting our customers up and running quickly and making sure that the details of our products are clearly described and easy to understand.  The ideal candidate has a technical aptitude that enables effective interaction with other Technical/Programmer Writers, Software Development Engineers, Product Managers, and Technical Program Managers. In addition, the ideal candidate has excellent communication skills and the ability to deliver high-quality technical publications.  Key Responsibilities  Drive documentation and examples planning with engineering teams Produce high-quality documentation and examples for a web service Independently follow designs and standards to develop and deliver conceptual, how-to, and API reference docs for AWS products Make suggestions for updating or improving our doc and examples standards Work as part of a team to produce for AWS products Conduct peer edits for grammar, style, voice, form, and functionality Define writing projects, end-to-end example notebook experiences, and determine priorities Work on an exploratory project, such as an interactive tutorial, a demo of a new way of applying a technology, or your own great idea  AWS has the most services and more features within those services, than any other cloud provider–from infrastructure technologies like compute, storage, and databases–to emerging technologies, such as machine learning and artificial intelligence, data lakes and analytics, and Internet of Things. Whether its Identity features such as access management and sign on, cryptography, console, builder & developer tools, and even projects like automating all of our contractual billing systems, AWS Platform is always innovating with the customer in mind. The AWS Platform team sustains over 750 million transactions per second.  Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.  We have a formal mentor search application that lets you find a mentor that works best for you based on location, job family, job level etc. Your manager can also help you find a mentor or two, because two is better than one. In addition to formal mentors, we work and train together so that we are always learning from one another, and we celebrate and support the career progression of our team members.  Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.   Experience blogging or creating websites Contributor to open source software Experience fixing customer tickets, GitHub pull requests and issues, or an equivalent workflow for incident management A proactive and open-minded attitude to resolving problems and delivering results Strong troubleshooting skills Strong interpersonal skills Strong attention to detail Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment  Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."
570,570,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=72f01ec1dab64b69&fccid=c267f29f0f85e8b8&vjs=3,"The AI Cockpit team is searching for engineers to develop and bring NVIDIA's automotive cockpit AI solution out to the world. You will participate in a focused effort to develop and productize ground-breaking solutions that will revolutionize the world of transportation and the growing field of self-driving cars. You will work with hardworking and dedicated multi-functional engineering development teams across various vehicle functions to create AI cockpit solutions, while achieving or exceeding all meaningful NVIDIA and automotive standards & guidelines. You'll find the work is exciting, fun, and very substantial. We have deadlines, customers, and competition. Our team builds the NVIDIA AI cockpit Software, with the goal to provide a scalable software stack and framework to build AI cockpit for autonomous vehicles. We are looking for hands-on software engineers to join our team to redefine experiences inside car. As part of this team you will work on our AI cockpit software solutions, defining a high performance and safe application architecture. The role encompasses working with the various teams developing the software, from system software to full cabin monitoring, as well as the safety team and performance team. You will have the opportunity to develop and truly have the first-hand experience of your work defining cockpit of the cars of the future. What you will be doing: Design and optimize application software architectures and frameworks for real-world performance while matching or exceeding customer requirements. Design and profile efficient mechanisms to improve utilization on computers with multiple heterogeneous hardware engines. Working on areas such as component abstraction layers, inter-process data sharing and communication, and process scheduling. Collaborate with hardware, platform, safety, performance and algorithmic teams What we need to see: MS or higher in computer engineering, computer science or related engineering fields, with 2+ years of experience or equivalent experience Excellent C and C++ programming skills Experience designing, developing and debugging multithreaded/distributed applications like multimedia systems, game engines, etc. Solid understanding on QNX, Linux, Android, and/or other real-time operating systems Thrive on designing low latency, highly performant code Excellent communication and analytical skills Self-motivated and a great teammate Ways to stand out from the crowd: Understanding of embedded and high efficiency software architectures Experience with large frameworks like used in ROS, android etc. Experience on developing software in heterogeneous architectures, including GPUs and other types of accelerators Be hands-on and work well within a team of algorithm, software and hardware engineers, with a significant level of detail orientation and a penchant for data organization and presentation Knowledge of automotive systems, notably ADAS systems Understanding of and writing software compliant to ISO 26262 functional safety Familiarity with project/task management tools like Jira and JAMA Experience with version control systems GIT and build system like CMake/Bazel NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. #deeplearning"
571,571,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=3bbf8ac9fcdf40b1&fccid=66403b30a2c0d89c&vjs=3," Netflix's culture is an integral part of what makes us successful, and we approach diversity and inclusion seriously and thoughtfully. We are an equal opportunity employer and celebrate diversity, recognizing that bringing together different perspectives and backgrounds helps build stronger teams. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status."
572,572,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=54319593473bdea5&fccid=978d9fd9799d55a8&vjs=3,"Who we are: Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 392 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies. Job Description Summary: We are looking for a talented and highly motivated senior engineer for a technical domain that comprises of customer data analytics and ML/DL models development to support different business use cases. Job Description: Discovering, analyzing, structuring and mining data Statistical hypotheses validation and model performance analysis Developing neural network models supporting business use cases Design and coordinate implementation of DL based solutions for production usage Deep understanding of data mining algorithms and statistical methods Experience in successfully applying machine learning to real-world problems Strong knowledge of Deep Learning frameworks: Keras, Tensorflow, PyTorch, etc Knowledge in python and packages for data analysis (scipy, numpy, pandas, matplotlib) Proficient in one or more of programming languages Scala, Java, C++ Strong knowledge of extracting and processing data with RDBMS/NoSQL Good communication skills and team player attitude Experience in Natural Language Processing/Understanding using deep neural networks ( RNN (LSTM, GRU) / CNN) is a plus Experience in working with GPU, profiling/low-level optimizations, Cuda/CuDNN is a plus Experience with one or more Container-ecosystem (Docker, Mesos, Kubernetes) is a plus Experience with BigData ecosystem Hadoop, Hive, Spark/PySpark is a plus We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom. PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities."
573,573,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=c888ef12b05b4cd5&fccid=de71a49b535e21cb&vjs=3,"Introduction At IBM, work is more than a job - it's a calling: To build. To design. To code. To consult. To think along with clients and sell. To make markets. To invent. To collaborate. Not just to do something better, but to attempt things you've never thought possible. Are you ready to lead in this new era of technology and solve some of the world's most challenging problems? If so, lets talk.  Your Role and Responsibilities The successful candidate for the Project Manager / Release Manager will have exceptional communication skills, strong business judgment, and demonstrated relevant experience with Data and AI products and/or services. This role requires that the release manager successfully lead and execute plans across organizations, including vendor teams, to deliver private cloud and public cloud product offerings on time and with quality.  Because Security is a critical focus, the selected candidate will work with Development to ensure that known vulnerabilities have been resolved or have remediation plans so that the safety of customer information is ensured. Understanding hardware and software changes for each release is also important to convey to customers. In the Project Management role, the ability to build project plans, manage deliveries, identify issues, resolve issues, and lead change when needed is critical.  Success in this position includes: Ensuring that accurate expectations are set Managing prioritization challenges Verifying that agreed-upon commitments are set and met Providing effective communication upline with Executives and across teams, especially for critical issues, risks, remediation plans Creating new solutions and process improvements when needed Some of the skills we are looking for: A proven track record of delivering customer and business outcomes Experience in managing critical path issues and collaborating with stakeholders to meet product deliveries Proven ability to lead cross-functional teams Attention to details, problem-solver Ability to meet tight deadlines and prioritize workloads Excellent oral and written communication skills with the ability to influence others internally and externally Location: This position is based in San Jose, CA.   Required Technical and Professional Expertise  3+ years of either product management, release management, product development, or management Agile Software Development Processes Executive Communication Problem resolution / Creative solutions Process improvements when needed Some Project Management experience Some Release Management experience   Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise  Project Management Certification About Business UnitIBM’s Cloud and Cognitive software business is committed to bringing the power of IBM’s Cloud and Watson/AI technologies to life for our clients and ecosystem partners around the world. IBM provides you with the most comprehensive and consistent approach to development, security and operations across hybrid environments—with complete software solutions for business and IT operations, development, data science, security, and management. Our experts and software capabilities help organizations develop applications once and deploy them anywhere, integrate security across the breadth of their IT estate, and automate operations with management visibility. With IBM, you also have access to new skills and methods, governance and management approaches, and a deep ecosystem of industry experts and partners.  Your Life @ IBMAre you craving to learn more? Prepared to solve some of the world's most unique challenges? And ready to shape the future for millions of people? If so, then it's time to join us, express your individuality, unleash your curiosity and discover new possibilities.  Every IBMer, and potential ones like yourself, has a voice, carves their own path, and uses their expertise to help co-create and add to our story. Together, we have the power to make meaningful change – to alter the fabric of our clients, of society and IBM itself, to create a truly positive impact and make the world work better for everyone.  It's time to define your career.  About IBMIBM's greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. IBM's greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve business, society and the human condition, bringing the power of an open hybrid cloud and AI strategy to life for our clients and partners around the world.  Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are not only one of the largest corporate organizations in the world, we're also one of the biggest technology and consulting employers, with many of the Fortune 50 companies relying on the IBM Cloud to run their business.  At IBM, we pride ourselves on being an early adopter of artificial intelligence, quantum computing and blockchain. Now it's time for you to join us on our journey to being a responsible technology innovator and a force for good in the world.  Location StatementIBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to:   12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19.World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals.Well-being programs to support mental and physical health.Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.).Select educational reimbursement opportunities.Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe.Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities.Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences. We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law.  Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status."
576,576,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5fb76f24fcfd1399&fccid=7442885bc0fa7c14&vjs=3," ServiceNow is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin or nationality, ancestry, age, disability, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status or any other category protected by law. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact us at +1 (408) 501-8550, or [email protected] for assistance. For positions requiring access to technical data subject to export control regulations, including Export Administration Regulations (EAR), ServiceNow may have to obtain export licensing approval from the U.S. Government for certain individuals. All employment is contingent upon ServiceNow obtaining any export license or other approval that may be required by the U.S. Government."
578,578,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8cf819cea1f16225&fccid=e6d4ba9e2cfe7902&vjs=3,"Atlassian can hire people in any country where we have a legal entity, assuming candidates have eligible working rights and a sufficient timezone overlap with their team. As our offices re-open, Atlassians can choose to work remotely or return to an office, unless it’s necessary for the role to be performed in the office. Interviews and onboarding are conducted virtually, a part of being a distributed-first company.  Confluence is changing the way companies collaborate and share information. More than half of Fortune 100 companies, hundreds of thousands of teams, and millions of users use Confluence every day to get their jobs done, faster and more collaboratively. Join us as we unleash the power of teams all over the globe. We are looking for a top-tier data scientist to work on Confluence product analytics. The role needs to manage a multi area within product analytics, with the possibility of having direct reports. Product performance and scalability is the backbone of any B2B cloud products. On top of this, user’s needs for workplace collaboration products are fast evolving. Therefore, this role is multidisciplinary. You need to have the skills to dig deep into both performance and API data as well as usage data, connect the dots together quickly and communicate insights in a way that persuades action. Your product managers, UX designers, and full stack software engineers, lean on you for data informed decisions. Particularly for this role, you will have the opportunity to shape product roadmap. On the first day, we'll expect you to have: 5+ years of experience in a product analytics function Expertise in SQL and proficiency in Python Thorough understanding of usage data creation process and experience of partnering with engineering teams for data tracking Experience in designing and analyzing product experiments Ability to turn complex findings into a compelling narrative and a set of actions Track record of influencing decision-making using analytics Background in Engineering or quantitative subject (e.g. Mathematics, Physics, etc) It's great, but not required if you have: Experience in both enterprise (or B2B) as well as consumer (or B2C) environments Management experience More about our team  Product Analytics at Atlassian is an exciting and fast growing space. At our core, we drive value for both our customers and the business by understanding how and why our users use our products. We are a highly collaborative team of high achievers. We love to explore, challenge and have a lot of fun along the way. More about our benefits Whether you work in an office or a distributed team, Atlassian is highly collaborative and yes, fun! To support you at work (and play) we offer some fantastic perks: ample time off to relax and recharge, flexible working options, five paid volunteer days a year for your favourite cause, an annual allowance to support your learning & growth, unique ShipIt days, a company paid trip after five years and lots more. More about Atlassian Creating software that empowers everyone from small startups to the who’s who of tech is why we’re here. We build tools like Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, and Trello to help teams across the world become more nimble, creative, and aligned—collaboration is the heart of every product we dream of at Atlassian. From Amsterdam and Austin, to Sydney and San Francisco, we’re looking for people who want to write the future and who believe that we can accomplish so much more together than apart. At Atlassian, we’re committed to an environment where everyone has the autonomy and freedom to thrive, as well as the support of like-minded colleagues who are motivated by a common goal to: Unleash the potential of every team. Additional Information We believe that the unique contributions of all Atlassians is the driver of our success. To make sure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience we never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. If your experience looks a little different from what we’ve identified and you think you can rock the role, we’d love to learn more about you. Learn more about Atlassian’s culture, interviewing flow, and hiring process by checking out our Candidate Resource Hub."
579,579,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=f1587aa2e8ab7e10&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"We are: Applied Intelligence, the people who love using data to tell a story. We’re also the world’s largest team of data scientists, data engineers, and experts in machine learning and AI. A great day for us Solving big problems using the latest tech, serious brain power, and deep knowledge of just about every industry. We believe a mix of data, analytics, automation, and responsible AI can do almost anything—spark digital metamorphoses, widen the range of what humans can do, and breathe life into smart products and services. Want to join our crew of sharp analytical minds Visit us here to find out more about Applied Intelligence. You are: A data pro with serious analytical and statistical chops. You know how to take massive amounts of data and find the insights our clients need to help their companies do more. The work: Use statistics, data mining, Machine Learning, and deep learning techniques to deliver data-driven insights for our clients Apply data science methodologies to deliver insights to clients Work with Accenture teams and clients to understand their challenges and create solutions Facilitate the development of “request for proposals” responses and contract development Be a thought leader for your team on projects and about leading technologies Stay on top of AI trends potential for weekly travel  Here’s what you need: At least 2 years’ developing Machine Learning methods At least 2 years’ experience with techniques like clustering, regression, and optimization At least 2 years’ working with data science tools like Python, R, Scala, Julia, or SAS Bachelor's degree or equivalent (minimum 12 years) work experience Bonus points if: You have a Master’s degree in statistics, econometrics, mathematics, or statistics Data science is your passion and you’re creative and forward thinking Experience with unsupervised learning methodologies You know your way around cloud services like AWS, Google and Azure and big data tools like Hadoop, Hive and Spark You have know-how in AI, machine learning, data science, and other related areas Your consulting experience matches your analytical chops Possess a blend of advanced analytical capabilities and consulting expertise that will create value and insights for our clients Ability to work across industries and with cross-functional organizations Important Information Travel For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts. Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement  Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative, more competitive and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities.  All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law.  Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women.  For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement  Requesting An Accommodation  Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired.  If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter.  Other Employment Statements  Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration.  Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process.  The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information. Unless expressly indicated, this role is not open in the state of Colorado. As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $84,300 - $185,399 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
583,583,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=16aba6a19b4f5b2a&fccid=70b7881474301832&vjs=3," The work you’ll do: Collaborate with customers and act as their trusted advisor on solving complex data science problems using SupportLogic Lead demonstrations, advise on and evaluate the viability of customer use cases, help develop success criteria, support Proof of Value trials, and quantify the business impact of data science solutions Work side-by-side with the Sales, Engineering, and product teams to help our customers achieve their goals with SupportLogic. Manage multiple concurrent client projects / professional services engagements, including some directed at high-potential prospects during the sales process Act internally as the voice of the customer to the Product and Engineering teams What you will bring to the role: 3-4+ years of real-world customer experience in a data science role Experience collaborating with business stakeholders to ensure that machine learning solutions deliver successfully on business outcomes Hands-on experience with a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) Fluency with scripting in Python, and experience with common data science libraries Familiarity with data platform technology integrations and tools for the manipulation of data B.S., degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or similar quantitative field of study Preferred Skills and Competencies: Experience with NLP (especially sentiment analysis, entity recognition, and use of the SpaCy library) Experience working on or with cloud platforms (AWS, GCP, Azure)"
586,586,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1e940fb48ef8c456&fccid=19486b46783ccb37&vjs=3,"Are you looking for an opportunity to join a team of data scientists making an impact on the insurance industry? CLARA Analytics is looking for a Data Scientist who is enthusiastic about solving real world problems with data and models, in a culture of innovation, respect, and camaraderie. We are located in Santa Clara, CA, but working remotely is an option. This is a chance to join a welcoming and collaborative team at a rapidly growing Silicon Valley company. Our mission is to drive the best claims outcomes for both insurers and the insured using innovative machine learning, including deep learning and natural language processing. Our models provide key insights and predictions that guide the claims adjuster in making optimal decisions at every step of the claim process. Why grow your career with InsurTech? Insurance companies have invested in digitized claims management systems, and are now taking the next step in realizing the full potential of this data. CLARA Analytics is the leader in providing the most technologically advanced solutions in this space, dedicated to expanding the horizons of what is possible. We hope you will join us, bringing your own creativity and expertise to achieve our vision together. Key Responsibilities Gain a deep understanding of the goals of our customers in the insurance industry and have a strong grasp on the details of data from claims management systems and medical records Work directly with customers to define objectives and get feedback on results Prototype and build end-to-end analysis pipelines, from initial data gathering and exploratory analysis to architecting and developing predictive models, writing documentation and presenting results Make code ready for production and build stable and efficient scoring pipelines that integrate with our applications Contribute to the advancement of data science and machine learning at Clara by evaluating and evangelizing new algorithms, tools, and processes Work with engineering, product teams, and subject matter experts to coordinate planning and execution on projects Have impact through explainable and actionable AI that drives a great user experience Enjoy being a part of Clara’s culture of innovation, respect, and camaraderie Skills Knowledge and Expertise 4+ years practical experience in data science and machine learning, including deep learning 2+ years experience with end to end data science pipelines - data ingestion, processing, machine learning model training and scoring 2+ years experience in the property and casualty insurance industry Experience with scikit-learn and pandas; preferably also PySpark, Tensorflow, Pytorch, and MLFlow Proficiency in Python for data science applications Diligence in coding and willingness to contribute to the rapidly-evolving Data Science infrastructure at Clara Strong communication skills with both technical and non-technical audiences Proactiveness in raising issues and improving models, pipelines and processes Collaborative team spirit, excited about brainstorming together towards new AI solutions for Clara products Passion for the product and going the extra mile to bring subject matter expertise and practical intuition to machine learning models Benefits CLARA analytics offers a great benefits package to all full-time employees. Some of the perks you will enjoy are low cost healthcare (or we pay you to opt out!), monthly wellness/gym reimbursement, 401k match, public transportation cost assistance, skill building reimbursements, and more! We encourage creativity and recognize our employee’s talents and contributions with monthly peer recognition “high five” awards. We also work hard to keep employees engaged during Shelter At Home with weekly All Hands meetings, occasional gift packages & doordash surprises. Apply now to be part of a growing, vibrant company! About CLARA Analytics We built product platforms that are: Best-of-breed Our machine learning-driven solutions illuminate the most accurate and robust data findings in the industry  Easy to use and implement Although the data science driving our products is complex, we make it simple for our customers to drive results  High performing Our customers see an increased ROI of 10x after implementing the CLARA platform"
588,588,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=60df3ee5e4a204be&fccid=bca1c8ed48c3b338&vjs=3,"Impact Healthcare Roche Diagnostics is developing and building a new business – Roche Information Solutions (RIS) - charged with creating an innovative portfolio of digital products that change the way patients are cared for by physicians and health care delivery systems. Our challenge is to bring together, integrate and analyze complex diagnostic, treatment, and outcomes data from medical devices, electronic patient records, as well as the data collected by our own software solutions. By analyzing and using very diverse meta and patient level data sets ranging from clinical guidelines, paid claims, genomics, pathology imaging results, application user behavior data, etc., you will develop prototypes (both one-time analyses and in some cases functional proof-of-concept software) that transform selected data into action-oriented clinical or operational decision support information. All or parts of these prototypes may become part of a digital product that Roche delivers to providers and lab customers on a global scale as part of our standard digital offerings. Make a Big Difference As a Senior Principal Data Scientist, you will leverage your data science skills, your proven track record of contributing to digital products and your experience with stakeholder management to identify, promote, and support the development of digital products functions and features from concept, development, delivery, and ultimate use at the point of care. This work will generate evidence to support the value of our digital products and also be used to improve them continually. As part of the Data Services organization, you are a valued and collaborative contributor as you provide leadership as an articulate entrepreneur who advocates for the practical use of data science knowledge and techniques that drive delivery and differentiation of our digital products. You will lead, conceptualize, plan and execute advanced analytics projects to discover key insights that contribute to our digital product portfolio, leading to high quality and more efficient patient care. Act as a matrix leader to identify data science contributors and ensure delivery. The data you will be working with is varied in type including - but not limited to – clinical patient-level data, supplemented with data such as omics, imaging, digital health, etc. You will lead and collaborate with peers within your function and across the organization to develop and improve existing strategies, digital and workflow solutions, improve product support strategies, identify evidence gaps and data sources, design and execute studies, implement analyses to support improvement of existing products, and lead discovery and early development of new features or applications to drive our digital portfolio. In this position, you will also ensure that the design, execution, and presentation of analytical results are adhering to industry standards and potentially improve and redefine current industry standards. In order to succeed, you will leverage and expand knowledge of available healthcare data sources and applicable state-of-the-art analytical methodologies, large scale data processing and visualization, and languages and tools (R, Python, SQL, etc.) both on-premise and in cloud environments. In addition, you will rely on your scientific expertise, strategic organizational awareness, strong advanced analytical skills, and your ability to interact and influence cross-functional experts such as biostatisticians, epidemiologists, product owners, business, and clinicians, to discover novel insights demonstrating impact of various treatment decisions, and uncover key elements leading to best outcomes for patients. Responsibilities: Lead data services contribution to digital products to support product development - partner with product teams to assure that our digital software products benefit from the spectrum of data science technologies and its application to software development. Drive data science and analytical software development teams. Carry out analytics to support multiple product development projects and find solutions to new quantitative problems. Stay committed to offering innovation, find opportunities for new additions to our portfolio, enhance ways of working (including processes, methods, technology etc.) and share new techniques and lessons learned pro-actively with peers. Serve as an advocate to product, engineering, and business team members on what analytic features and functions are possible with current data assets and/or what has to occur to advance the use of data in the digital products. Mentor less experienced data scientists and act as an influential subject matter expert to your team members and the business you support. Leverage your strategic organizational awareness and systems mindset to implement sustainable, science-based practices. Maintain and expand knowledge and access to available and meaningful data sources within/outside Roche, and their application to digital product customer needs. Perform high quality, timely and accurate analyses using most relevant state-of-the-art methodologies, tools and resources. Be responsible for planning and timely delivery of assigned projects. Use and continue to foster strong working relationships with global colleagues/peers and customers and build a strong network in order to jointly explore new business opportunities, vendor relationships, data assets, analytical methodologies and toolsets. Build and maintain partnerships with other data scientists and analysts, biostatistics, medical and business leaders, and other key functional experts. Who You Are Equipped with hands-on experience in data science and a passion to make a difference in healthcare and demonstrated past application of Data Sciences methods and technologies to deliver the highest quality digital products. Data savvy, creative thinker and problem solver, eager to learn new techniques and expand your scientific expertise. Reliable team player, strong collaborator with good influential skills and able to establish yourself as a thought partner/leader. Excellent communication skills, effective stakeholder management ability, constructive at giving and receiving feedback. Strong solution finding, resiliency and a sense of ownership with effective prioritization skills, attention to detail and accuracy. Adaptable, embrace and endorse challenges and changes, including all levels of data science work from data extraction, curation, and management to development and application of sophisticated statistical models in order to get the job done. When you join us, you will have meaningful work developing an innovative technology with a big impact to healthcare. As you collaborate with some of the best in the industry, you will make a huge difference in disease diagnostics! Our team is collaborative and fast-paced. And, we offer a competitive salary with a rich benefits package. Qualifications: At least a Master’s Degree in a Data Science related field (e.g. Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Bioinformatics, etc.) required. PhD is highly preferred. Background in biology or medicine, either through education or professional experience. Focus in one or several of the following areas is desired: Oncology, Infectious Diseases, Cardiovascular Diseases. At least +10 years of relevant experience. Industry experience is a must. Extensive demonstrable experience with digital healthcare product development as familiarity with regulatory framework and guidelines for pharma/diagnostics products. Strong programming “hands-on” experience with R, Python and/or other quantitative software. Strong experience in applying statistical modelling, machine learning, exploratory, and confirmatory data analysis in mid to large volume biomedical data sets and patient-level data analyses (e.g., real world data, clinical trials, registries, claims, genomic or imaging data). Experience conducting analyses and developing models on cloud environments, and familiarity with shell scripting, command line and Linux OS is required. In-depth knowledge of data modeling, relational database principles and corresponding query language skills (e.g. SQL) for health care data is required. Good knowledge of English in a business environment. Leadership: You will build and provide effective leadership for ad-hoc project specific teams in a manner that is consistent with the Roche values and leadership in a matrix organization. Lead cross-functional teams within Roche Information Solutions in order to meet the expectations from product stakeholders. You will seek to inspire and lead to create an environment of trust, enablement, and creativity. You will foster collaboration within and across the multidisciplinary team. You will be both an effective individual contributor as well as a matrix team leader, depending on the specific circumstances and business needs. Roche is an equal opportunity employer and strictly prohibits unlawful discrimination based upon an individual’s race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin/ancestry, age, mental/physical disability, medical condition, marital status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you have a disability and need an accommodation in connection with the on-line application process, please email us at US.Accommodation@roche.com ."
589,589,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=108bba9169d275b7&fccid=1639254ea84748b5&vjs=3,"In this role, your primary responsibility will be to partner with key stakeholders and lead strategic and quantitative analysis to support and enable the continued growth critical to Facebook’s Data Center organization. As we plan to grow our Data Center organization, we need to leverage data to drive decisions and introduce automation, predictability & optimization to allow us to operate efficiently and reliably at scale. Our data scientist team identifies business problems and solves them by using various numerical techniques, algorithms, and models in Statistical Modeling, Machine Learning, Operations Research, and Data Mining. You will have the opportunity to work on a broad spectrum of areas such as hardware or Equipment Failure Prediction, Operational Tools Automation, Demand Forecasting, Alert Optimization, Supply Chain Optimization, Inventory & Capacity Planning, Process Design & Optimization, and Financial Modeling. This is a full-time role. Architect and build pragmatic, scalable, and statistically rigorous solutions for data center infrastructure problems by leveraging or developing state-of-the-art statistical and machine learning methodologies on top of Facebook's unparalleled data infrastructure. Partner with internal stakeholders on projects to identify and articulate opportunities, see beyond the data to identify solutions that will raise the bar for decision making. Collaborate with cross-functional data and product teams across business applications to access and manipulate data, explain data gathering requirements, make recommendations, display results, and build efficient and scalable analytics solutions. Analysis of operational data and user behavior to improve overall business performance. Define, compute, track, and continuously validate business metrics with descriptive and predictive analytics. Architect, build and maintain data driven machine learning models, experiments, forecasting algorithms, and optimization models. Mentor others as needed on best practices for design and implementation of cutting-edge analytics solutions. Communicate final recommendations and drive decision making. MS in a quantitative field such as Computer Science, Quantitative Finance, Math, Statistics, Physics or a related Engineering degree. Experience with Machine Learning, Statistics, or other data analysis tools and techniques. Experience with statistics methods such as forecasting, time series, hypothesis testing, classification, clustering or regression analysis. Experience drafting testable code and shipping code into production. Experience using version control tools such as git or mercurial. 4+ years experience in building models and developing algorithms for machine learning, statistics, mathematical programming, and simulation in industry and/or academia. 4+ years experience in managing and analyzing large-scale structured and unstructured data using R or Python. 4+ years experience in SQL in big data environments (i.e. Hadoop) and data modeling. Experience with scientific computing and analysis packages such as NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, dplyr, or ggplot2. Experience with machine learning libraries and packages such as PyTorch, Caffe2, TensorFlow, Keras or Theano. Experience with data visualization libraries such as Matplotlib, Pyplot, ggplot2. PhD in Computer Science or relevant fields. Knowledge of deep learning research. Familiarity with object-oriented programming languages (such as C++ or Java) and visualization tools (such as Tableau). Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com."
591,591,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=6620bf623360acf5&fccid=c267f29f0f85e8b8&vjs=3,"NVIDIA has been transforming computer graphics, PC gaming, and accelerated computing for more than 25 years. It’s a unique legacy of innovation that’s fueled by great technology—and amazing people. Today, we’re tapping into the unlimited potential of AI to define the next era of computing. An era in which our GPU acts as the brains of computers, robots, and self-driving cars that can understand the world. Doing what’s never been done before takes vision, innovation, and the world’s best talent. As an NVIDIAN, you’ll be immersed in a diverse, supportive environment where everyone is inspired to do their best work. Come join the team and see how you can make a lasting impact on the world. We are looking for a Startups Partner Manager to join Inception - NVIDIA’s acceleration platform for AI, data science, and HPC startups, providing critical go-to-market support, expertise, and technology. This startup-focused role is for someone who believes that artificial intelligence, deep learning, and data science bring a new computing revolution and have the potential to positively transform our world. We're looking for someone that's passionate about building and executing partnerships with startups in an effort to grow NVIDIA platforms' adoption across the startup ecosystem. This position will be responsible for developing the AI startup ecosystem for North America via the NVIDIA Inception program. This includes ecosystem and community development through a variety of activities such as recruiting startups as Inception partners, enabling startups to optimally use NVIDIA technology, facilitating proof of concept or product design, marketing, and selling Inception partner solutions through our global network. This person will report to the Americas Inception lead and will work closely with a sizable cross-functional team within NVIDIA, including Inception, Solutions Architecture, Product Management, Sales, and Marketing teams. What you’ll be doing: Scout, identify and recruit new startups to Inception in North America using information and trends supplied by the Inception Analytics team and other sources Onboard new members and help them understand and take advantage of Inception’s benefits Manage Inception startups Support Inception Program communities Coordinate and support ecosystem events to recruit and connect Inception members Be the voice of the Inception members and become a specialist in their needs and motivations. Develop a deep understanding of their goals, strategies, and technical and business needs Provide Inception members with content and tools to educate them on NVIDIA’s solutions and platforms Identify and develop ways to drive adoption of NVIDIA solutions by Inception members Keep track of Inception members’ status and graduate them to NVIDIA’s industry and vertical teams when they reach maturity What we need to see: Minimum of 3+ years of working experience in related fields such as startup accelerators and incubators, executive or management positions at startups, business development or platform ecosystem development at big technology companies, venture capital A strong affinity for technology and technical subjects Excellent interpersonal skills. Personable, friendly, and enjoy interacting with lots of people. This role will work with partners, NVIDIA internal teams, and hundreds, if not thousands, of startups Excellent communication and presentation skills. We are Inception’s advocates in front of startups and other players in the ecosystem Curious, creative, and constantly thinking about how to improve processes Ability to be proactive and work with minimal direction Good project management with excellent organizational skills Availability to travel domestically and internationally 10% of the time or less Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience Ways to stand out from the crowd: You’ve worked at a top startup accelerator running, building, and managing the startup community and portfolio companies Appreciation of the value that startups bring to the world! Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, and/or data science experience. Preferably doing business development or similar Validated capability to work in a collaborative, matrixed organization Passion for understanding and owning metrics and analytics and have a natural inclination to measure the efficiency and effectiveness of programs Master's Degree is desired The Colorado Equal Pay for Equal Work Act requires that NVIDIA provide the compensation range and benefits offered for this position if performed in Colorado. The base salary range for this position in Colorado is $111,600.00 - 153,450.00 USD. NVIDIA also offers a comprehensive benefits package. We provide health care coverage, dental and vision, 401(K), including company matching and after tax contributions, Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP), Employee Assistance Program (EAP), company paid holidays, paid sick leave, vacation leave, professional time off, life and disability protection. Employees in eligible sales and positions may also be eligible for commission. Base pay is based on market location and may vary based on factors including experience, skills, education, and other job-related reasons. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law."
592,592,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=05954e178f9fcc86&fccid=e490ccf806951166&vjs=3,"At Toyota Research Institute (TRI), we’re working to build a future where everyone has the freedom to move, engage, and explore with a focus on reducing vehicle collisions, injuries, and fatalities. Join us in our mission to improve the quality of human life through advances in artificial intelligence, automated driving, robotics, and materials science. We’re dedicated to building a world of “mobility for all” where everyone, regardless of age or ability, can live in harmony with technology to enjoy a better life. Through innovations in AI, we: Develop vehicles incapable of causing a crash, regardless of the actions of the driver.Develop technology for vehicles and robots to help people enjoy new levels of independence, access, and mobility.Bring sophisticated mobility technology to market faster.Discover new materials that will make drive batteries and hydrogen fuel cells smaller, lighter, less expensive, and more powerful. Our work is guided by a dedication to safety – in how we research, develop, and validate the performance of technology to benefit society. As a subsidiary of Toyota, TRI is fueled by a diverse and inclusive community of people who carry invaluable leadership, experience, and ideas from industry-leading companies. Over half of our technical team carries Ph.D. degrees. We’re continually searching for the world’s best talent ‒ people who are ready to define the new world of mobility with us! We strive to build a company that helps our people thrive, achieve work-life balance, and bring their best selves to work. At TRI, you will have the opportunity to enjoy the best of both worlds ‒ a fun start-up environment with forward-thinking people who enjoy solving global problems and the financial backing to optimally achieve our goals. If you’re passionate about working with smart people to make cars safer, enable the elderly to age in place, or design alternative fuel sources, TRI is the place for you. ‒ Start your impossible with us. Our Machine Learning (ML) team is looking for Computer Vision Research Scientists with expertise in Multimodal Perception, Meta-Learning, Few-shot/Zero-shot Learning, or Neural Architecture Search to improve dynamic scene understanding for robots. We are working on some of the hardest scientific challenges around the safe and effective usage of large robotic fleets, simulation, and prior knowledge (geometry, physics, domain knowledge, behavioral science), not only for automation but also for human augmentation. As a Research Scientist, you will work with a multidisciplinary team proposing, conducting, and transferring cutting-edge research in Machine Learning. You will use large amounts of sensory data and simulation to tackle open problems, publish at top academic venues, and test your ideas in the real world (including our robots and test vehicles of course!). You will also work closely with other teams at TRI to transfer and ship our most successful algorithms and models towards world-scale long-term autonomy and advanced assistance systems. Responsibilities and required qualifications are as follows: Responsibilities: Conduct ambitious research in Machine Learning that solves open problems of high practical value and validates them in real-world benchmarks and systems. Push the boundaries of knowledge and the state of the art in ML areas including simulation, perception, prediction, and planning for autonomous driving and robotics. Partner with a multidisciplinary team including other research scientists and engineers across the ML team, TRI, Toyota, and our university partners. Stay up to date on the state-of-the-art in Machine Learning ideas and software. Present results in verbal and written communications, internally, at top international venues, and via open-source contributions to the community. Lead collaborations with our external research partners (e.g., Stanford, Berkeley, MIT) and mentor research interns. Qualifications: Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in a quantitative field (e.g. Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, Chemistry). Ph.D. in Machine Learning, Robotics, Computer Vision, or related fields preferred. Deep expertise in at least one key ML area among Computer Vision, RL, ML theory, AI ethics. Proven track record of publishing at high-impact conferences/journals (CVPR, ICLR, NeurIPS, RSS, ICRA, ICCV, ECCV, PAMI, IJCV, etc.) on the aforementioned topics. Proficient at scientific python, Unix, and a common DL framework (preferably PyTorch). Experience with distributed learning (especially on AWS) is a plus. You can identify, propose, and lead new research projects, working in collaboration with other researchers and engineers to complete it from initial idea to working solution. You are passionate about large-scale challenges in ML, especially in the space of Automated Driving, Robotics, and for societal good in general. You are a reliable teammate. You like to think big and go deeper. You care about openness and delivering with integrity. Please add a link to Google Scholar and include a full list of publications when submitting your CV to this position. Please reference this Candidate Privacy Notice to inform you of the categories of personal information that we collect from individuals who inquire about and/or apply to work for Toyota Research Institute, Inc. or its subsidiaries, including Toyota A.I. Ventures GP, L.P., and the purposes for which we use such personal information."
594,594,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a59791c18d508189&fccid=829335fdf5fd46d8&vjs=3,"""So, what do you do?"" When you join One Concern, your answer will be about how your work helps to protect people from extreme and unpredictable events. And how your team is working to solve humankind’s greatest challenge. If an uncommon answer to a very common question intrigues you, please continue reading.  One Concern brings disaster science together with machine learning for better decision-making. We quantify resilience from catastrophic perils, empowering leaders to measure, mitigate, and transfer risk. We believe that by pioneering cutting-edge science, we can make disasters less disastrous and, ultimately, build planetary-scale resilience.  One Concern is growing rapidly and is looking for passionate, motivated and high reaching people to join our team. Our engineering challenges are unique, so you should be comfortable in uncharted territory and excited to create scalable solutions and systems that support customers across industries. One Concern’s Solutions Team is seeking a curious, resourceful and creative solutions intrapreneur who thrives on rapid prototyping breaking down complex business challenges from customers and solving them using cross-disciplinary engineering and data science skills. You will be challenged daily to identify emerging value propositions by looking at market trends and by translating customer needs using One Concern’s core technology.  This role is highly cross-disciplinary and requires an ability to achieve buy-in from internal stakeholders on customer needs, work with internal or external experts, synthesize and present results to internal teams and clients, as well as communicate methods, validations, and limitations to these stakeholders. As such, experience working as a B2B industry client facing data scientist, engineer, builder, or analyst is required. You will form strong relationships internally with various executives and stakeholders across our HQ and offices in the US and Japan and external clients What you will do Keep up-to-date on the latest data engineering architectures and data science models, methods and validation methodologies by interacting routinely with Engineering and Data Science teams. Support pre-sales and post-sales efforts to deliver analysis to solve client business problems using One Concern technology and explain analyses, methods, validations, and limitations to clients Conduct quantitative research and business analysis for new opportunities and markets alongside the Solutions Strategist and Business Team. Travel to clients and support Solutions Strategists and business development reps to field technical questions and provide details on our technical solutions. You will be the customer-facing representative of our technology teams. Independently drive innovative data science analyses from the ground-up using internal and external data sources and work with Solutions team members to create client-ready materials Support post-sales efforts to configure One Concern products for clients and deliver additional analysis to satisfy customer needs working closely with Customer Success and the Solutions Strategist. Requirements MS in Engineering with experience in AI / Machine Learning / Statistical Modeling - expertise in physics-based/geospatial modeling preferred 2-3 years of software or data science and engineering experience 1-3 years of client-facing consultant experience. Experience working with Fortune 500 multinational customers, banking, or insurance customers to independently conceptualize and build analytical solutions Entrepreneurial, creative, and innovative mindset for identifying new opportunities and scrappy approaches to solve complex problems Strong attention to detail, ownership and accountability in his or her work Experience rapidly prototyping interdisciplinary high-fidelity proof-of-concepts Mission driven Nice to Have PhD in Engineering with experience in AI / Machine Learning / Statistical Modeling Previous entrepreneurial experience starting your own venture Experience competing and/or winning at startup weekends or hackathons We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status."
598,598,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0As4jd5aSKiW_uIisjgg29AJq4kDcBvocvbMwgV2qt84RZnmGr_1l1iBSOC78XtD-g0vCGMkP-CC0AbryDkGneGnK0wtuWf1OZaAx-YqvU1UECBJJpMsDGDh5LudVpncAPq3ipUyBTMQoSW6RmZHP_E8pnj79nFDz6vyB1gCADLL-aGJ5f1dV-IdSDsPL0dkxY3Ngeqgf-AXZgydUxLISM9iPO60v1fOO_VNAwGPxE9o4DhLtMIGodNHVrSzr_XjDx2r6TTwKu6zKeRhG980vXCmq8PmBKDIJ4qMuPReynkTCDGd3UHIYh68bC6Lle2m3FHhkuJm2Vozasu0BHYYpvRgSwc8Jq37Sl0m7nKh1vJB7TuLbs8KIbSAl5EbJ8gV7i7nu0vfjCYCP1zJ6HcofqC9Zst00N7sns4ZMHlVilh7zaZClwrTRqMPgbnUlEVaja0YYx63njQ40BlOh-wMB-Njiw3z8r2UFQ=&p=6&fvj=1&vjs=3,"Recruiting Firm, Riderflex has been hired by our client, Skan, to find their next Data Scientist.Company: SkanIndustry: Computer SoftwareTitle: Data ScientistLocation: San Jose, CAType: Full-time/W-2Are you a Data Scientist passionate about shaping the future of work and enabling enterprise transformation? Do you have a hands-on mathematical or engineering background? Skan may be the right place for you!Responsibilities: Participate and lead, multifaceted analytic studies on large volumes of data.Coordinate research and analytic activities utilizing various data points (unstructured and structured) and employ programming to clean, massage, and organize the data.Experiment against data points, provide insights based on experiment results and provide previously undiscovered solutions to command data challenges using a multitude of techniques e.g., exploratory mathematical and statistical techniques to NLP, vision, process mining, etc.Work with the Principal data scientist and participate in all the data experiments tasked by the Data Science Team.Analyze problems and determine root causes.Work closely with engineering teams to develop a strategy for long term data platform architecture.Be a hands-on practitioner (not just analyze but also actively contribute to the platform)Qualifications: Master's or Ph.D. in Computer Science, Process Mining, Statistics, Applied Math, Operational research, AI, or related fieldOverall 5+ years of experience. 3+ years' practical experience with data processing and analyticsExperience and Understanding of Data quality, Features, Aspects of ML Models, ML pipeline/infrastructure.Fluency in PythonAble to understand various data structures and common methods in data transformationExcellent problem solving and debugging skillsExcited to experiment with new technologies and approachesExperience in handling disparate data sources in a multitude of forms (e.g., event data, text, image, graphs, etc.) is desirableExperience in handling event streams and processing themExperience in building scalable solutions (optimizations) is desirableAdded pluses: Experience/familiarity in process mining; experience/familiarity with OCRAbout SkanSkan is a cognitive technology startup redefining business process discovery to empower large enterprises to uncover, untangle, and unleash their business processes.Skan’s vision is to be the foundation for operational intelligence and the fabric of the future of work.We are assembling a team of iconoclasts and innovators who thrive in a collegial and collaborative environment. If you are interested in working on an AI-powered platform and redefine business process discovery and management, join us in our journey. Our headquarters are in San Jose, CA, and a development center in India. In cases of exceptional talent, we are remote-friendly and are happy to speak to talent anywhere in the world.About Recruiting Firm, RiderflexRiderflex is a national, Colorado based, premier headhunter, RPO and employment agency; recruiting and searching the top talent for staffing your teams.Our core purpose is to help create dynamic work environments for clients and candidates. We specialize in three core competencies; recruiting, consulting, and candidate services. Our recruiting process includes vetting candidates through video interviews by current C-Level executives with over 30 years of experience. We recruit for all industries and functions, from the C-Suite to Manager level, nationwide. Riderflex brings your leadership to the next level with consulting services including Human Resources, Marketing, IT, Sales, Finance, and Operations.Who We Arehttps://youtu.be/rZSq-VBanwMListen to the Riderflex Podcast - Career Advice and Job Interviewing Tipshttps://riderflex.com/podcasts/Job Type: Full-timeWork Location:One locationWork Remotely:Yes"
599,599,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=468501dbe60df1a0&fccid=cd808c272e6d956a&vjs=3,"About Houzz Houzz is the world’s leading platform for home remodeling and design, helping more than 2.5 million home professionals in over 100 categories to grow and manage their business. Through Houzz, a community of more than 65 million homeowners and home design enthusiasts find ideas, hire professionals, source products and access tools to update their homes from start to finish. Houzz is available in every country around the world with localized platforms in more than 10 countries across North America, Europe, Asia and Australia. About the Role Houzz is looking for a world-class Revenue Data Scientist to join our Industry Solutions data science team. This team is focused on uncovering critical insights and delivering models to leverage those findings thus powering intelligent business decisions. As a Revenue Data Scientist here at Houzz you are on the front line of uncovering insights to directly impact Houzz Revenue. __________________ What You’ll Do Collaborate with leadership, sales, finance, product, engineering, operations and marketing teams to identify, and optimize revenue enhancing opportunities. Design, develop & deploy necessary KPIs to measure, track and report on revenue and its drivers. Partner closely with sales and finance teams to aid analysis of revenue related projects. Identify and recommend enhancements to the data infrastructure. Measure and effectively communicate results to the entire organization. Contribute to upscaling the operations and processes of the data science team. At a Minimum, We’d Like You to Have An M.S degree in a technical discipline such as statistics, mathematics, computer science, operations research or economics 2+ years data science experience dealing with complex problems in subscription products, user retention, revenue and marketplaces. Strong proficiency in writing complex SQL queries, manipulating data with pandas, and common python data science libraries and generate dashboards in Tableau Experience with the hadoop data stack; HDFS, Presto & Hive Strong communication, presentation and interpersonal skills Be a self starter, with an ability to work independently and deliver quality results Ability to have fun! __________________ Be Who You Are and Do What You Love at Houzz We’re a Family At Houzz, we strive to create and foster a strong family environment in our workplace. We collaborate to accomplish our goals, always working as a team. We aim to build a culture of inclusion — celebrating and leveraging our differences for the betterment of one another, our products and our community. Houzz team members come from many backgrounds and bring diverse experiences to the company. We take pride in making each person feel at home. We Build the Future Join Houzz in revolutionizing the home remodeling and design industry and have an impact on our community of more than 65 million homeowners and home design enthusiasts who use our platform and the 2.5 million-plus home professionals around the world who grow and manage their business with Houzz Pro. Houzz has been named one of the most innovative companies in the world by CNBC and others, and is backed by top venture capitalists. At Houzz, you can help drive the future of an industry worth over $1 trillion in the U.S. and Europe alone. We Make Things Happen Our team members play a key role in guiding the direction of our company and are able to work across multiple groups to implement fresh ideas that allow Houzz to be the industry leader. If you are interested in applying your passion to create products that will transform the lives of millions of people who are designing, remodeling and decorating their homes, welcome to Houzz. Benefits and Perks Competitive salary Flexible paid time off Commuter benefits Medical, dental, vision and pet insurance Maternity/paternity leave program Employee assistance program 401k retirement savings plan Flexible spending accounts Healthy at Houzz program Houzz is an Equal Opportunity Employer. If you are a California resident applying for a job, you consent to our California Job Applicant Privacy Notice"
602,602,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5d7ea305860d9aad&fccid=9784ae78e9834539&vjs=3," Intuit is hiring a Principal Data Scientist to join our Intuit AI team in Mountain View, CA."
603,603,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=d4c97ba26099e68e&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"Applied Artificial Intelligence (AI) Research Scientist Location: San Jose Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries, we offer Strategy and Consulting, Interactive, Technology and Operations services—all powered by the world’s largest network of Advanced Technology and Intelligent Operations centers. Our 537,000 people deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity every day, serving clients in more than 120 countries. We embrace the power of change to create value and shared success for our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities. Visit us at www.accenture.com. In today’s business environment, growth isn’t just about building value—it's fundamental to long-term business survival. So how do organizations sustain themselves? The key is a new operating model—one that's anchored around the customer and propelled by intelligence to deliver exceptional experiences across the enterprise at speed and at scale. You will deliver breakthrough business outcomes for clients—by harnessing talent, data and intelligence to revolutionize their operating models. Operations is one of four services that make up one Accenture –the others are Strategy and Consulting, Interactive and Technology. The Applied Artificial Intelligence (AI) Research Scientist role entails end to end design and development of a functional component of the AI solution within the Artificial Intelligence, Insights and Intelligence group. Active collaboration with clients/client teams and broader AI, business, product, engineering, testing, and deployment teams within Accenture is expected. About the Team: Artificial Intelligence, Insights and Intelligence team focuses on building scalable enterprise AI solutions that augment the humans/ agents. The focus is to make the business processes more efficient thereby enhancing the overall end user experience. The team works with clients across diverse domains – Finance and Accounting, Customer Engagement, Marketing, Talent & HR, Procurement, Content Moderation spanning across industries Key Responsibilities: Translate the business requirements into technical requirements Analyze the data and data preparation to build the AI models Benchmark of the right AI models/ libraries that should be used for development Optimize the AI models built Integrate the functional component with the broader AI architecture Follow the testing and deployment standards  Basic Qualifications: Ph.D. or Masters Minimum of 2 years’ experience in natural language processing (NLP), artificial intelligence techniques, machine learning, deep learning, computer vision in corporate or academic research environments (including years in PhD or postdoc if the projects are in related areas) Minimum of 2 years’ experience in Python programming Preferred Qualifications: Preferred degree concentration in Computer Science, Computer or Electrical Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, Artificial Intelligence, Data Mining, Machine Learning or related scientific fields Ability to understand business context, generate ideas, and come up with creative solutions Proven programming skills to enable rapid prototyping and implementation of solutions Ability to work in a global collaborative team environment Proficient verbal and written communication skills in English Experience in product development particularly applying Artificial Intelligence As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $83,200 -$134,999 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
604,604,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=2bf8a3450e0b0dbd&fccid=9cbee42cad63ad9e&vjs=3,"About Blackhawk Network:  At Blackhawk Network, we shape the future of global branded payments through the prepaid products, technologies and network that connect brands and people. Our collaborative innovation and scalable, security-minded solutions help our partners to increase reach, loyalty and revenue. We believe our future holds great things for Blackhawk Network and its partners. We believe that together, we can shape the future. Our beliefs? Win as one team, be innovative, global excellence and be inspiring! So, what are you waiting for? Shape your career and join our global network. Overview:  We are looking for a Data Scientist to join our Finance team.This person will be responsible supporting the FP&A team in analyzing breakage and develop custom predictive models. The person in this highly visible role will synthesize complex data from multiple sources to deliver business insight and strategic guidance to sales, marketing, product and leadership teams. If you are curious , creative, enjoy researching and analyzing data and looking for an opportunity to grow professionally, we want to speak with you! Location: US-CA, Pleasanton or Virtual Pacific Time Zone  Responsibilities: Develop custom models and algorithms to apply to large datasets and analyze their performance Mine and analyze data from different resources, and use predictive modeling for breakage outcome Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of data sources and data gathering techniques Understand and apply proper risk framework to your analysis and modeling Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging data to drive business decisions Collaborate cross-functionally to implement models and monitor outcomes Qualifications: 2+ years of experience in Analytics, Data Science or Data Engineering as an individual contributor. An advanced degree in a quantitative field - computer science, engineering, statistics, operations research, economics, etc. Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on translating real-life problems into a concrete model development strategy. Blend academic rigor with a sense of pragmatism for rapidly prototyping and delivering solutions Experience using web services (AWS, GCP), data warehouse and visualization tools Experience applying a wide range of statistical techniques to large data sets Experience with ERP tools Basic understanding of Financial, Accounting and GAAP Strong presentation skills with the ability to effectively engage with external/internal clients Successfully engage in multiple initiatives simultaneously Proven organizational skills with attention to detail Modeling experience is required Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment #LI-KS1 #GLDR EEO Statement:  BHN provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, BHN will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities."
605,605,San+Jose,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8cf819cea1f16225&fccid=e6d4ba9e2cfe7902&vjs=3,"Atlassian can hire people in any country where we have a legal entity, assuming candidates have eligible working rights and a sufficient timezone overlap with their team. As our offices re-open, Atlassians can choose to work remotely or return to an office, unless it’s necessary for the role to be performed in the office. Interviews and onboarding are conducted virtually, a part of being a distributed-first company.  Confluence is changing the way companies collaborate and share information. More than half of Fortune 100 companies, hundreds of thousands of teams, and millions of users use Confluence every day to get their jobs done, faster and more collaboratively. Join us as we unleash the power of teams all over the globe. We are looking for a top-tier data scientist to work on Confluence product analytics. The role needs to manage a multi area within product analytics, with the possibility of having direct reports. Product performance and scalability is the backbone of any B2B cloud products. On top of this, user’s needs for workplace collaboration products are fast evolving. Therefore, this role is multidisciplinary. You need to have the skills to dig deep into both performance and API data as well as usage data, connect the dots together quickly and communicate insights in a way that persuades action. Your product managers, UX designers, and full stack software engineers, lean on you for data informed decisions. Particularly for this role, you will have the opportunity to shape product roadmap. On the first day, we'll expect you to have: 5+ years of experience in a product analytics function Expertise in SQL and proficiency in Python Thorough understanding of usage data creation process and experience of partnering with engineering teams for data tracking Experience in designing and analyzing product experiments Ability to turn complex findings into a compelling narrative and a set of actions Track record of influencing decision-making using analytics Background in Engineering or quantitative subject (e.g. Mathematics, Physics, etc) It's great, but not required if you have: Experience in both enterprise (or B2B) as well as consumer (or B2C) environments Management experience More about our team  Product Analytics at Atlassian is an exciting and fast growing space. At our core, we drive value for both our customers and the business by understanding how and why our users use our products. We are a highly collaborative team of high achievers. We love to explore, challenge and have a lot of fun along the way. More about our benefits Whether you work in an office or a distributed team, Atlassian is highly collaborative and yes, fun! To support you at work (and play) we offer some fantastic perks: ample time off to relax and recharge, flexible working options, five paid volunteer days a year for your favourite cause, an annual allowance to support your learning & growth, unique ShipIt days, a company paid trip after five years and lots more. More about Atlassian Creating software that empowers everyone from small startups to the who’s who of tech is why we’re here. We build tools like Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, and Trello to help teams across the world become more nimble, creative, and aligned—collaboration is the heart of every product we dream of at Atlassian. From Amsterdam and Austin, to Sydney and San Francisco, we’re looking for people who want to write the future and who believe that we can accomplish so much more together than apart. At Atlassian, we’re committed to an environment where everyone has the autonomy and freedom to thrive, as well as the support of like-minded colleagues who are motivated by a common goal to: Unleash the potential of every team. Additional Information We believe that the unique contributions of all Atlassians is the driver of our success. To make sure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience we never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. If your experience looks a little different from what we’ve identified and you think you can rock the role, we’d love to learn more about you. Learn more about Atlassian’s culture, interviewing flow, and hiring process by checking out our Candidate Resource Hub."
606,606,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0A0sLjryQUNkc81K2goHfqpo9JHml6Vo2yWT4XuRGLXtt0Plp8naQ2M30sB-RjKXKl-9jFKfo6iNDql7KVEhpkHcDHrVhvk_GkT08Oxo26gw--qMYsWcd8AqMIWmJ6r_C3Go8XChHAMHIKsY_9h0OGOw9HKrVzWB-X47rz8NTwZZwIWF1JPJ-cHkTmfWnU5ZYzL17iDIlja8P20nuy1p5ZIHJptHggxcQ0Qqv10YSZ2WjCf5ZGTxXAEWoyCNNnEMhtFDl2QBvbzuz8asLE50LtuloMexgsPOu9K05nh5GDQuDchIF4qX2_uR2QNPIaK-eDClHfL4ft1ssz3qSFW_HWvMDR0_VN1cnlFy9UiIdWnA5S0RLne5b5JQuzsV_UJQzktT5U-wWl4DtpiRtg4xuvHq2nyYf9m2D039qCfu4Witqcz_TBMLn0SnGqlJPnR8LEiyc86QnXD9i8fgGzQQ6DbN4EWxXoWTQBoKY6TTsnU0yUlZYJjAbbd9N1L3TAd-_aZdu25B-rYeXj-Rq9bmY2INUc_PsajIfDXE5MyzFdFepgh0x_6MaTGEjeGUBY8jDGb5sLbBLp0RFRtZbjfOVdmfXX4-qUMJeIISQjmfFCzK0m_qnCMpD48LsguD-jhLnNrQS9E_jpVvSeh4XjGCl4WavlzXADr30Y=&p=0&fvj=0&vjs=3,"Job Description Important Note: During the application process, ensure your contact information (email and phone number) is up to date and upload your current resume when submitting your application for consideration. To participate in some selection activities you will need to respond to an invitation. The invitation can be sent by both email and text message. In order to receive text message invitations, your profile must include a mobile phone number designated as “Personal Cell” or “Cellular” in the contact information of your application. At Wells Fargo, we are looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. We are seeking candidates who embrace diversity, equity and inclusion in a workplace where everyone feels valued and inspired. Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you. Consumer and Small Business Banking (CSBB) provides financial services to 21 million retail bank households and three million small business customers through approximately 4,900 retail branches, 17 customer service centers, and approximately 13,000 ATMs in 36 states and the District of Columbia. We serve and help individuals and families in many aspects of their lives, helping them buy homes, open first bank and savings accounts, buy cars to get to and from work or school, and start or grow small businesses. CSBB is focused on innovating and transforming with the customer at the center, better enabling customers to engage with us how, when, and wherever they choose. As an industry leader in many consumer and small business areas – including retail deposits, debit card transaction and purchase volume, and small business lending – our primary goal is delivering for our customers. CSBB Chief Marketing Office provides marketing support for the CSBB businesses and the Marketing Centers of Excellence (COE) support for marketing needs across the enterprise. The team has accountability to define the line of business marketing strategy and execute marketing campaigns. Wells Fargo Marketing Sciences is seeking to hire an Analytic Consultant for the Brand and Marketing Transformation team. Wells Fargo Marketing Sciences is seeking to hire an Analytic Consultant for the Personalization Analytics Team. Reporting to the Personalization Analytics Manager, this individual will be responsible for consulting with the technology, digital channels and marketing teams to provide transformative analytic insight on strategic customer-focused questions. This role is part of the broader Marketing Sciences team, which provides decision and data sciences to marketing, strategy and product partners. Marketing Sciences also supports broader Wells Fargo strategic initiatives in order to help identify new growth and profitability opportunities within the company. Key responsibilities include: Formulate and answer strategic questions using rigorous analytics while developing a clear, simple, and compelling story to influence management and gain buy-in. Apply advanced analytical and data science techniques to solve strategic business problems. Utilize knowledge of the business, customers, and products to synthesize results and 'form a story'. Prepare and deliver thoughtful and impactful presentations to business partners that will drive future strategies. Document the requirements and scope for analytics projects and build a project plan to deliver them independently. Act as a data strategist in identifying and integrating datasets from multiple sources to develop insights and support strategic initiatives, as well as work with database managers to understand data strategy. Work closely with the Line of Business and Marketing teams to support the various strategic initiatives. Identify and develop the right set of metrics, analytics methodology, and report/presentation to communicate actionable insights. Proactively manage issues and project risks. Bring a consulting, solution, and servicing mindset to our business partners. Location: Preferred work locations indicated in job posting. Open to considering other locations in the Wells Fargo footprint. The salary range displayed below is based on a Full-time 40 hour a week schedule. NC-Charlotte: Min: $78,100 Mid: $110,000 Max: $141,900 ** May be considered for a discretionary bonus Please Note: Depending on the volume of applications received, this job posting may be removed prior to the indicated close date. If you do not apply prior to the closing of this posting, we encourage you to apply for other opportunities with Wells Fargo Bank Required Qualifications 6+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling demonstrated through work or military experience; or a Masters degree or higher in a quantitative field such as applied math, statistics, engineering, physics, accounting, finance, economics, econometrics, computer sciences, or business/social and behavioral sciences with a quantitative emphasis and 4+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling 2+ years of SQL or SAS experience 3+ years of experience with analytical methods used in statistical analysis, modeling, and reporting Desired Qualifications Extensive knowledge and understanding of research and analysis Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills 2+ years of analytics consulting experience Experience in gathering, analyzing and interpreting large datasets Experience translating business needs into complex analysis, designs and recommendations 1+ year of data collection and reporting experience Big Data experience Job Expectations Ability to travel up to 5% of the time Salary Information The salary range displayed below is based on a Full-time 40 hour a week schedule.  NC-Charlotte: Min: $78,100 Mid: $110,000 Max: $141,900 Disclaimer All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.  Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.  Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation. Benefits Summary Benefits Visit https://www.wellsfargo.com/about/careers/benefits for benefits information."
608,608,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0BVoV32QmoUFgOupNolFmN9Fybhu4UG63m2DRXRK3OC9u2gTASRHwTteS7igaL9EldSSuCjYP1Ptq4LwI9P4lT1zRf9b0wZv1khMeqjdA4lBRRZxNAXAzSQes2FHqaa1VSon-smN7IuJaMVTdqJfmIx1lkO8pT7PNygT_3OpT49zNYZ0d0_pqoD1iAaZcCM-9Ux0BexsSHDiHDXKKn8kVp5zEHzmcnueXUnpvHmYE26fXuOIyTXXjhUF_ZL8Hh8FtjcQ0VLt6KZPeUS3lWUAiaUELChubTb8yNgxDT69cA2cabJu-a20_XzxhDUFE5thIMrqi7Eqh9OW3w__MDCQYTXbjktPgZ2gAFWRVyPKuaibP1-F0y0SNOAcjvLHx5BB7GjwD5m6oe7M96wYOkFJetBO2zFR2P_I83YcYoVDPvz47fBsnzJLEOwUvt3emaGSb7s5kJhi-OMQQ1OE2pH3LDqsR6G0J7qUM-AFiZDs3VAqaIHm953R63ZpJLZWK13SW9GfdBSmk1g_TVk-tUk6N-XoZLQrP6CmypqqIXrhmps0A==&p=2&fvj=1&vjs=3,"Overview: Responsible for discovering insights from structured and unstructured data to help shape or meet specific business needs and goals. Must use data analytics to drive decision-making and lean on automation and machine learning as core components of this strategy.Special Instructions: This can be a remote position Responsibilities: The Data Scientist position (II, II and III) will be leading efforts on Data extraction, interpretation and analysis within the organization. There may be greater emphasis on predictive Analytics using Artificial intelligence and data modeling. Communication and interpersonal skills are key to successfully driving home results discovered to a larger community that may not have deep knowledge of Mathematics and statistics.Primary Duties and Responsibilities:Extract and Interpret Data to strengthen or align with ARH’s overall business goalsWork closely with business stakeholders to understand their goals and determine how data can be used to achieve those goals. Analyze data and share these insights with the right teams in the form of reports, dashboards, graphs, and charts.Work in tandem with data analysts, data engineers, business intelligence specialists, and data architects to create and maintain databases, analyze data, and communicate business insights. Identify the data analytics problems that offer the greatest opportunities to the organization.Cleaning, restructuring, and enriching raw data to make it analyzable.Using AI to identify trends in Data, predict results, and add value to business decisions and operations.Search for ways to get new data sources and assess their accuracy.Create custom data models and algorithmsCoordinate with various technical/functional teams to implement models and monitor resultsDevelop processes, techniques, and tools to analyze and monitor model performance while ensuring data accuracyBrowse and analyze enterprise databases to simplify and improve product development, marketing techniques, and business processesQualifications: EducationBachelor Degree in Computer Science or related field. Ten plus years of experience in Data extraction, reporting, analysis and associated tools. Advanced Degree in Data Analytics preferred.***Minimum Work Experience*Proven experience as a Data Scientist or Data AnalystExperience in data miningUnderstanding of machine-learning and operations researchKnowledge of R, SQL and Python; familiarity with Scala, Java or C++ is an assetExperience using business intelligence tools (e.g. Tableau) and data frameworks (e.g. Hadoop)Analytical mind and business acumenStrong math skills (e.g. statistics, algebra)Problem-solving aptitudeExcellent communication and presentation skillsRequired Skills, Knowledge, and AbilitiesStatistical analysis: Identify patterns in data. This includes having a keen sense of pattern detection and anomaly detection.Machine learning: Implement algorithms and statistical models to enable a computer to automatically learn from data.Computer science: Apply the principles of artificial intelligence, database systems, human/computer interaction, numerical analysis, and software engineering.Programming: Write computer programs and analyze large datasets to uncover answers to complex problems. Data scientists need to be comfortable writing code working in a variety of languages such as Java, R, Python, and SQL.Data storytelling: Communicate actionable insights using data, often for a non-technical audience.Data scientists play a key role in helping organizations make sound decisions. As such, they need “soft skills” in the following areas.Business intuition: Connect with stakeholders to gain a full understanding of the problems they are looking to solve.Analytical thinking.Find analytical solutions to abstract business issues.Critical thinking: Apply objective analysis of facts before coming to a conclusion.Inquisitiveness: Look beyond what is on the surface to discover patterns and solutions within the data.Interpersonal skills: Communicate across a diverse audience across all levels of an organization.Location: 100 Airport Gardens Road, Hazard, KY 41701Location: 100 Airport Gardens Road, Hazard, KY 41701Job Type: Full-timeApplication Question:Do you have a minimum of 3 years’ experience as a Data Scientist OR 10 years in Data extraction, reporting, analysis and associated tools?Work Location:Multiple locationsWork Remotely:Yes"
611,611,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=95c603e1565b142c&fccid=c2d1b0769a534b4d&vjs=3,"Spectrum Reach (www.spectrumreach.com) grows businesses of all sizes with custom, multi screen advertising solutions, backed by the power of TV, data, innovation, community experts, and unforgettable creative..  JOB SUMMARY Responsible for assisting in the development of data-driven solutions to Charter’s business problems. In partnership with seasoned Data Scientist, utilize analytical, statistical, and programming skills to clean, aggregate, and analyze large data sets and interpret results. Develop a strong command of statistical techniques and machine learning algorithms, as well as a demonstrated practical ability to determine where to invest time, synthesize actionable findings across diverse assignments, and present findings to audiences with diverse agendas and varying levels of technical expertise.  MAJOR DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Actively and consistently supports all efforts to simplify and enhance the customer experience. Participate in the execution of the complete analytics life-cycle for problem solving, including: requirements gathering, problem formulation, data grooming, data exploration, model prototyping, model validation, and algorithm productionalization Survey varied data sources for analytic relevance. Leverage knowledge in analytical and statistical algorithms to assist in helping stakeholders explore methods to improve their business. Assist in the design and implementation of statistical data quality procedures for existing and new data sources. Observe and assist in the communication of complex data science solutions, concepts, and analyses in a clear and effective manner to team members and business leaders. Establish links across existing data sources and find new, interesting data correlations. Assist in the presentation of data insights and recommendations to key stakeholders. Achieve defined project goals within deadline; proactively communicate status and escalate issues as needed. Helps to ensure testing and validation are components of all analytics solutions.  REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS Skills/Abilities and Knowledge Desire to develop strong interpersonal communication, verbal and written, relationship management, and customer service skills with a focus on working effectively in a team environment Self-motivated and results-driven Some experience with analytical and statistical software Some experience using a data science toolkit such as Python or R Beginner level SQL skills Excellent analytical and problem solving skills with attention to detail and data accuracy Ability to perform in-depth research and analysis Ability to maintain confidentiality and appropriately handle sensitive information Knowledge of core computer science principles including algorithms, data structures, and design methodologies Prior exposure to cloud-based infrastructures Prior exposure to big data tools such as Spark and Hive Willingness to learn  Education Bachelor's degree in computer science, statistics, operations research and/or equivalent combination of education and experience.  Related Work Experience Data Analytics Programming experience  PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Related Work Experience  Internship in a role as a data scientist   WORKING CONDITIONS Office environment  BDA302 286593-2 286593BR   For more information on Spectrum’s benefits, please click here."
612,612,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=2c10fa1f5eabcb8b&fccid=cfd1fe74085d0235&vjs=3,"Overview:  The desired candidate can sit in either Charlotte, NC or Winston-Salem, NC Novant Health is inviting application to a Data Scientist position in its Data Science and AI group. As part of the team, you will use big data + AI to advance our understanding of disease and patient care, and to solve real world problems in medicine and healthcare.  Novant Health is a four-state integrated system of outpatient centers and hospitals. Its network consists of more than 1,600 physicians and 29,000 employees at more than 640 locations, including 15 medical centers and hundreds of outpatient facilities and physician clinics. At Novant Health, one of our core values is diversity and inclusion. By engaging the strengths and talents of each team member, we ensure a strong organization capable of providing remarkable healthcare to our patients, families and communities. Therefore, we invite applicants from all group dynamics to apply to our exciting career opportunities. Qualifications: Education: Master's Degree or above in Data Science, Health Informatics, Biomedical Informatics, Statistics/Biostatistics, Computer Science, Math or related fields. Technical Skills Required: Proficiency with Python, R, SQL, Unix/Linux shell, Git; Hands-on experiences in large datasets including clinical, biomedical, image, text or sensor data; Deep understanding of machine learning and deep learning methods and frameworks (Tensorflow, Keras, Pytorch, etc); Hands-on experience in designing, developing, and deploying machine learning models; Ability to drive/travel to multiple locations/facilities as needed.. Additional Skills Preferred: Cloud, HPC, distributed computing, Hadoop/MapReduce, Spark; Natural Language Processing and Understanding; Software and web development Strong writing, communication and project management skills. Responsibilities: Major responsibilities of the data scientist include but not limited to: Collect, process, integrate, analyze and visualize large scale clinical data; Design, develop and deploy machine learning/deep learning models, software and workflows; Communicate and collaborate with technical and non-technical team members to identify, analyze and solve clinical or business related problems. It is the responsibility of every Novant Health team member to deliver the most remarkable patient experience in every dimension, every time. Our team members are part of an environment that fosters team work, team member engagement and community involvement. The successful team member has a commitment to leveraging diversity and inclusion in support of quality care. All Novant Health team members are responsible for fostering a safe patient environment driven by the principles of ""First Do No Harm""."
613,613,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0DMSIhDZ4aDe3idA9JYTkRcS2uZLmhduZ-CxViPWE3bMTqEU9-91rTLqSIIAEWrTw2-RtSeZYqzrdLFUJrqIryH_mejoeBgrbgg8Ac886XWWLRFOZ0yM-glqZbq1lDqmDewG-hm-s_A7Qjy_mEAGtp9QzF3I-umdAjwhfzke6cv6aiwWdcqBb_Ct6NooQnHFaRFFuJMssSmPS-7twtNSBOwPLqbrgHg-q-g5NWQLEtkfc0ZGiUalYAMt9ckZMhQNHFTWa-5Jlr8ZDUGHBmAhi98sC1oIH5bP6TnWqjJpjzQrC9V2mIfhsGbQ5VFenPzFB0N3lJCAkXCzlkS-JG0pg-xoR7ctd6C70_OVguRlcvzKlOD3bNGD6Qa6gN-FXE8noJqhioslp8oL8mI_A3vewQDhyUT9-1fFMzm5Q0quQNZJZyEKhTw594UIVG-IzYzhY8ZIgHTtrF6W8PFAL570wJW-EzjpZEWvLwzWOjtQZ7sPMTD7gSYsIcL1JkB7OyUWi8=&p=7&fvj=1&vjs=3,"Candidates can be fully remote*; The successful candidate should have the ability to create efficient and effective data models in Power BI.Serve as an expert in translating complex data into key strategy insights and valuable actions. Discover business narratives told by the data and present them to other scientists, business stakeholders, and managers at various levels. Develop and test heuristics. Create and run models. Perform data exploration and data mining. Create business intelligence, dashboards, visualizations, and/or other advanced analytics reports to adequately tell the business narrative and offer recommendations that are practiced, actionable, and have material impact, in addition to being well-supported by analytical models and data.Required Qualifications: Graduation from a four-year college or university with a degree in statistics, physics, mathematics, engineering, computer science, or management of information systems. Work experience in addition to degree: 1-3 years. Job-specific knowledge, skills or abilities: Working knowledge of statistics, programming and predictive modeling. Working knowledge of code writing.Job Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $48.00 - $58.00 per hourSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:Power BI: 1 year (Required)SQL: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Yes"
614,614,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0Bjic9BpODao-m9BEup4myv2yv9o6hanv70kCRpjMjSDcmmrD9YS-C3oR4_7EU-DV1KfsnjnnxbUhfV4_4jp-C4KVIhcRVgQf7SPHHdcH0T8gRFQKCVGXKsLfP7FZhmGkDlrkhdc-ArRHnucKNmVHrsYme_xB5phL573oW6PztwafpeNgt-_UaIdzVyASRXXt3UtnqldU-LaLrNYavGaTb4N0_djRfC7CY2l8L775_tuBupKJplVEY18-fY-TKp7WImdFx5g0ahPtRcy1EuQClH0ieEZR1wUnCLbEVrgtISaT9RikOpwsQgQO_byNnwc7QLhGVE8PQvDlUQG8zJmHLt7eEgMYzOFmFJCgTW43HDQPx2vmcdPltI0pF1dLYAH3zTNoYN_3ThsLGj_CgHS04HvnVasKehYpSTGcIBnnTLw2ZpRrDK4FD7McLX4HCF3hn2huPfjiIgan7XJ1psy8SBHpZTibtqnXzF0UReXL-spL1LptZtcSaVfKMx9KIUlhL6g4UG4V10C7a7Za0XQXUoWJUsS2jTtyJgeeqcv991hfKUVQo6IBtxpSJM_tJnDWtctsb4DFiPhl0AmuNCFTLvY1dNAFZoMBEH00vnWwzwcwySHnRkLVkMrkwgZiGdubgcUgm6S6ujVy_ZyqWoJrkaKZbcyC4XDuCx29oAbe9rurbeq2gc0ttZDabDfomldEiT48D2j5abZeyNB1ZIyAU_fXYBqC4hItNyp3cg-CN0w8CdC3cabyoJu5ldfENSY0eBD3TjHpUzlH0wWNHt3v1LxZ_9Zp50zqnVsqyUs_bqJXdGzxdEJx8KK0PB2Aoy_n_L0RpGdFM_a6trOStIbFP24VJXdhPAyO56HFe-mrUWyWOgaSw7DCgF9xh227Kqp2Bm0t6SHU9rnz1958QvolAbjp2k-58iNX5KlIioyGTJQn3l--VUu0OQDu78DEVZF_bHGc6l8QAh7LgHXQ5Ejg7c3s-aKYP7i3xGyI4SpJ2gNNtkgARbnTQHITP2Y_aICY3hk91lcBKCoA==&p=8&fvj=0&vjs=3,"Immediate need for a talented Senior Data Scientist with experience in the Utilities Industry. This is a 12+ Contract opportunity with long-term potential and is located in Charlotte, NC. Please review the job description below,  Job ID: 21- 32215  Job Description: Serve as an expert in translating complex data into key strategy insights and valuable actions. Client business narratives told by the data and present them to other scientists, business stakeholders, and managers at various levels. Develop and test heuristics. Create and run models. Perform data exploration and data mining. Create business intelligence, dashboards, visualizations, and/or other advanced analytics reports to adequately tell the business narrative and offer recommendations that are practiced, actionable, and have material impact, in addition to being well-supported by analytical models and data.   Required/Basic Qualifications: Working knowledge of statistics, programming and predictive modeling. Working knowledge of code writing. Previous experience working in data mining or data engineering. Possess advanced statistics/machine learning knowledge and implementation skills. Experience with time series. Understanding of and ability to use programming languages like PySpark and SQL (Structured Query Language).   Our client is a leading Utilities Industry and we are currently interviewing to fill this and other similar contract positions. If you are interested in this position, please apply online for immediate consideration. #cha"
616,616,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=66728214d9ff3a4c&fccid=2df6a1e69a70a1e7&vjs=3,"Cognizant (NASDAQ: CTSH) is a leading provider of information technology, consulting, and business process outsourcing services, dedicated to helping the world's leading companies build stronger businesses. Headquartered in Teaneck, New Jersey (U.S.). Cognizant is a member of the NASDAQ-100, the S&P 500, the Forbes Global 1000, and the Fortune 500 and we are among the top performing and fastest growing companies in the world.Our strength is built on our ability to work together. Our diverse backgrounds offer different perspectives and new ways of thinking. It encourages lively discussions, inspires thought leadership, and helps us build better solutions for our clients. We want someone who thrives in this setting and is inspired to craft meaningful solutions through true collaboration.  Data Modeler- Full Time *This role is not able to offer visa transfer or sponsorship now or in the future*  AIA - Artificial Intelligence and Analytics Practice  This Practice that leads all initiatives surrounding incorporating AI into Customer Intelligence, Operations Intelligence, Product Intelligence, and Fraud Insights  Location and Travel: Charlotte, NC or REMOTE  Translate business requirements into data models (conceptual, logical, and physical) to support big data platform solutions  Work with the Application Development team to implement data strategies, build data flows and develop conceptual data models  Create and manage logical and physical data models using best practices to ensure high data quality, reduce redundancy and optimize performance Designs logical enterprise-wide data models, Provides support for master data management, logical data, quality system development, implementation, and maintenance. Makes recommendations for process improvements in order to support data integrity efforts.  Cognizant is committed to veteran and military communities. Cognizant has been often recognized as a military friendly employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our business resource group Veterans Network assists our military associates in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence.  Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : May 11 2021  About Cognizant Cognizant (Nasdaq-100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant is ranked 194 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us @USJobsCognizant.  Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service. Cognizant is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you have a disability that requires a reasonable accommodation to search for a job opening or submit an application, please email CareersNA2@cognizant.com with your request and contact information."
617,617,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=b6f18ab5c79a62ae&fccid=5bd99dfa21c8a490&vjs=3,"Job Description: Enterprise Data Risk Compliance and Operational Risk (EDR COR) an Enterprise Area of Coverage team, seeks to deliver effective independent risk management of the activities and processes associated with managing the Company’s data. The team provides 2nd line oversight of Enterprise Data Strategy & Governance (EDSG), Chief Data Office (CDO) and coordinates Enterprise wide Data Risk coverage with 2nd line of defense partners. The Enterprise Data Risk Compliance and Operational Risk team is seeking multiple individuals with a focus on one the following data related skills sets: Machine learning systems and natural language processing – The EDR COR Specialist has knowledge of machine learning systems and natural language processing (e.g. Artificial Intelligence and models) to better understand and identify data risks related to models, methods and other uses of technology. This is a 2nd line role which will require partnering with the Model Risk Management function who are responsible for the validation of AI Model Data quality controls and testing – The EDR COR Specialist is responsible for risk assessing the data quality dimensions around accuracy, completeness, and timeliness. The 1st line of defense and other control functions are responsible for their data quality controls and related testing. This 2nd line of defense role will focus on risk assessing the controls and testing performed by the 1st line and control functions Data metrics – The EDR COR Specialist is responsible for establishing and monitoring risk metrics to measure the effectiveness of business data decisions and data risk management; analysis of their respective metrics & reporting; and review of front unit and control function metric breach notifications The Enterprise Data Risk Compliance & Operational Risk (C&OR) Specialist is an individual contributor member of the EDR COR team that executes the 2nd line of defense independent Data Risk Management program of compliance and operational risk management. The role executes risk assessments of the various types of data risks across lines of business and control functions, e.g., data quality risk, data movement risk, data fit for purpose risk and data governance. The EDR COR Specialist will ensure effective analysis and measurements of key data risks are established, measured and monitored. The EDR COR Specialist is responsible for enterprise-wide oversight of processes, controls, laws, rules, and/or regulations that have enterprise-wide applicability and collaborates with 1st line of defense partners (Enterprise Data Strategy & Governance and Chief Data Office) and 2nd line of defense partners. Additionally, the specialist will stay current on emerging data capabilities, methods and tools related to their area of coverage. The EDR COR Specialist assists in engaging other COR officers, including horizontal coverage owners, to provide comprehensive oversight of Front line unit/Control Function (FLU/CF) activities. This role assists in developing and maintaining a global coverage plan which defines the scope and risk-based focus of the second line of defenses risk management activities. The EDR COR Specialist also assists in preparing materials for COR regulatory exams/audits/inquiries and may assist with preparation for FLU/CF regulatory exams/audits/inquiries. The EDR COR Specialist has one or more of the following: Strong knowledge of metrics development principles and data visualization (e.g. tableau) Desire to identify and compare data quality issues and monitor performance and quality control plans to identify any issues or ways to improve systems Knowledge of machine learning, natural language processing technology (e.g. knowledge reviewing results related to algorithms to generate predictions to identify data risks) The EDR COR Specialist has: Passion for data combined with intellectual curiosity and learning agility to accurately interpret, understand and evaluate a variety of risks to data across multiple lines of business and control functions Strong analytical skills (including both analysis of financial data and written reports). Talk and writes in a clear, concise, organized, and convincing manner for the intended audience Good business-centric mindset with ability to utilize sound business judgment to problem solve, analyze complex situations and drive issues to completion Experience of projects and working with teams with diverse skill sets, executing a long term departmental strategy and comfortable with working in a changing environment Activities this role performs for their area of coverage include, but are not limited to: Assists in the development of independent risk management reporting as input into governance and management routines Assists with the oversight of FLU/CF training, which may include content development and/or tracking and communication of completion rates Assists with the development and maintenance of COR-owned policies and standards to ensure regulatory and operational risk requirements are appropriately addressed, inclusive of conduct risk as applicable Monitors the regulatory environment to identify regulatory changes applicable to area(s) of coverage and maintains a comprehensive regulatory inventory; may support communication of regulatory changes to the FLU/CF and ensuring that policies, standards, procedures and/or processes are appropriately implemented or amended to address regulatory requirements Assists in identifying, aggregating, reporting, escalating, inspecting and challenging remediation plans, and performing thematic analysis on FLU/CF-owned issues and control enhancements Assists in remediating C&OR “owned” issues and control enhancements Executes COR Monitoring, Testing, and Assessments; communicates results Reviews and challenges the FLU/CF process, risk, control (PRC) inventory and FLU/CF Risk & Control Self- Assessment (RCSA) Supports the review and challenge of internal and external operational loss events, including development of remediation plans to strengthen controls Supports Scenario Analysis activities to provide a forward-looking estimate of hypothetical operational losses Assists with the development of risk metrics, monitors related performance and breach remediation plans to strengthen controls Required Skills: 4+ years of Financial Services experience Strong analytical and organizational skills with a focus on attention to detail and accuracy Experience in Data Management, Risk Management and or Business Controls Intellectual curiosity and learning agility Note, diverse backgrounds or experiences welcomed Desired Skills: Knowledge of machine learning, natural Language processing technology Quality Assurance testing discipline; experience of creating or reviewing test plans and/or executing tests Gathering, interpreting and analyzing gathered data Knowledge of metrics development principles Knowledge of data visualization methods and tools (Tableau preferred) Gathering, interpreting and analyzing gathered data, structuring large data sets to find usable information Use graphs, infographics and other methods to visualize data, Tableau preferred Competencies: Vision – Takes a long-term view and builds a shared vision with others; acts as a catalyst for organization change. Influences others to translate vision into action Communication – Can articulately paint credible pictures & visions of possibilities and likelihoods Resilience – Deals effectively with pressure; remains optimistic and persistent, even under adversity. Recovers quickly from setbacks. On occasion required to take an unpopular stand Collaboration – Develops networks and builds alliances; collaborates across boundaries to build relationships and achieve common goals. Interpersonal Skills – Treats others with courtesy, sensitivity, and respect. Considers and responds appropriately to the needs and feelings of different people in different situations Leveraging Diversity – Fosters an inclusive workplace where diversity and individual differences are valued and leveraged to achieve the vision and mission of the organization. Exposure and involvement with Employee Engagement initiatives including supporting Diversity & Inclusion efforts Job Band: H5 Shift: 1st shift (United States of America) Hours Per Week: 40 Weekly Schedule: Referral Bonus Amount: 0"
618,618,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=72ef8dc79a60577a&fccid=d7114f1cac8d0711&vjs=3,"TD Description About TD Bank, America's Most Convenient Bank® TD Bank, America's Most Convenient Bank, is one of the 10 largest banks in the U.S., providing more than 8 million customers with a full range of retail, small business and commercial banking products and services at approximately 1,300 convenient locations throughout the Northeast, Mid-Atlantic, Metro D.C., the Carolinas and Florida. In addition, TD Bank and its subsidiaries offer customized private banking and wealth management services through TD Wealth®, and vehicle financing and dealer commercial services through TD Auto Finance. TD Bank is headquartered in Cherry Hill, N.J. TD Bank, America's Most Convenient Bank, is a member of TD Bank Group and a subsidiary of The Toronto-Dominion Bank of Toronto, Canada, a top 10 financial services company in North America. The Toronto-Dominion Bank trades on the New York and Toronto stock exchanges under the ticker symbol ""TD"". Job Description The Data Scientist / Modelling/Forecasting Specialist contributes to strategic technical planning and identify opportunities to support business strategy. Expert role which provides technical leadership to others in the development of a broad range of complex models that support business needs. Job Requirements Acts as a subject matter expert integrating cross function understanding within their own field of specialty Works autonomously and accountable for acting as a lead within a specialized analytics function and may provide work direction to others Provides seasoned specialized knowledge, advice and/or guidance to various stakeholders and team members Expert at utilizing data sources across the organization with ability to integrate data across multiple platforms Works effectively across multiple business units with numerous stakeholders to deliver advanced analytics solutions Scope of role may have business segment and /or enterprise impact Generally focuses on broad range of complex issues that may span from medium long term issues (e.g. 6-12 months)  Must be eligible for employment under regulatory standards applicable to the position. Qualifications Undergraduate degree or technical certificate 7+ years relevant experience Preferred experience in SAS & Python Proficient PC skills including a strong competency in MS Excel and PowerPoint, and a variety of PC based analytical and reporting software packages. Experience making complex and broad predictions based on a vast amount of past and/or present data through the development of statistical and/or mathematical models Strong analytical and program solving skills are required to interpret data and draw conclusions Excellent written and verbal communications skills Inclusiveness At TD, we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers and communities in which we live in and serve, and creating an environment where every employee has the opportunity to reach their potential. If you are a candidate with a disability and need an accommodation to complete the application process, email the TD Bank US Workplace Accommodations Program at USWAPTDO@td.com . Include your full name, best way to reach you, and the accommodation needed to assist you with the application process. EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Job Family Advanced Analytics & Modelling Job Category - Primary Finance / Accounting Job Category(s) Finance / Accounting Hours 40 Hours / Per Week Business Line TD Bank AMCB Time Type Full Time Employment Type Regular Country United States Province/State Delaware, New Jersey, North Carolina City Charlotte, Cherry Hill, Wilmington Work Location 11325 North Community House Road, Suite 575, 1701 Route 70 East Work Remotely Nationwide, Statewide **Province/State (Primary) New Jersey City (Primary) Cherry Hill ProvState 2 Delaware City(s) 2 Wilmington ProvState 3 North Carolina City(s) 3 Charlotte Job Expires 14-Oct-2021"
619,619,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9a48bcbac5ee3cb9&fccid=5bd99dfa21c8a490&vjs=3,"Job Description: A Senior Data Analyst is responsible for ensuring data products and services are serviceable and valuable to users. Key responsibilities include working with users and development teams to ensure the data is fit for purpose, defining and monitoring the processes and controls that adhere to EDM Standards, and helping to triage and remediate data incidents. Summary of Responsibilities: Support processes, risk and controls requirements and governance of Inventory and Issue Management and Reporting. Ensure adherence with Enterprise Policy and Standards. Assisting, maintaining and continually improving the governance framework to support reporting routines and infrastructure A key skill be identifying opportunities to simplify and improve report and metric construction, partnering with tech partners to implement these solutions wherever possible. Understanding and identifying issues and/or control improvements for remediation, building out action plans and milestones, and ensuring remediation aligns to strategic goals. An ability to work in present state and navigate pathway to target state is necessary Coordination across other NFRR Center teams, including Tech, Regulatory Interpretation, QA and others to ensure visibility into issues impacting NFRR. Understand impacts outside of immediate team on the Center, building insight to identify gaps and execution risks and escalate as appropriate The role will require engagement with key stakeholders (FLU/CFs, Compliance, etc.) across the global Enterprise to ensure the NFRR inventory is appropriately governed. Planning and execution of strategic enhancements across a wide group of stakeholders. Additional responsibilities will include trend analysis, executive escalation, and engagement with 2nd/3rd line of defense stakeholders Required Skills:3+ years of relevant experience in a governance / control role with significant impact to multiple lines of business, that may have cross-functional or inter-departmental implicationsStrong analytical skills with ability to analyze data, create metrics and identify trendsExperience supporting multiple team goals simultaneouslyAbility to assess translate multiple issues and remediation needs into clear shifts to governance positions and guidanceMust be able to translate plans/policies into specific goals, tactics, action plans and deliverables and track executionAn Audit mindset to documentation, particularly where we are evidencing closure of risks to or gaps in governanceAbility to communicate clearly (written and verbal) and navigate at all levels in the organization with the detail appropriate to the forum and audienceAbility to effectively navigate a highly matrixed organization - influencing stakeholders without direct managerial authorityAbility to thrive in a changing environment – work independently and navigate ambiguityHighly organized with critical thinking abilities at both the strategic and tactical levelsExcellent facilitation / presentation skills, experience with large groups and senior leadershipStrong sense of urgencyExecutive reporting skillsProficient in Microsoft Office (Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio and MS Project) Desired Skills:Experience with regulatory efforts/risk and compliance/GBAMExperience migrating processes - transferring to new teams or taking processes on/offshoreExperience with regulatory or operational risk managementFamiliarity with Enterprise Report Registry, PRC/ORCIT, RCSA process, Metrics/Key Controls an advantage but not essential Job Band: H5 Shift: 1st shift (United States of America) Hours Per Week: 40 Weekly Schedule: Referral Bonus Amount: 0"
620,620,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=686bdd86ba050d40&fccid=5bd99dfa21c8a490&vjs=3,"Job Description: The Quantitative Services Data Science team develops solutions to improve operational processes at Bank of America. Qualified individuals should have experience working with machine learning models and the ability to work with business partners to define and execute the appropriate problem solving strategy that will result in meaningful impact. The right candidate understands when machine learning should be deployed versus other types of Robotic Process Automation that the QS team could offer and demonstrates an ability to develop machine learning systems that may incorporate human-in-the-loop or other techniques to lower model risk. The right candidate for the role has a demonstrated track record of having ownership of projects and see the modeling and deployment efforts through to completion. This team values the intellectually curious individual that enjoys learning from their teammates as well as sharing what they have learned from others and through their own exploration. Responsibilities:The candidate is expected to work closely with the business analysts, business partners and other technology partners to gather requirements and successfully build, test and document machine learning solutions.Work with stakeholders to understand the problem statement and propose the appropriate solution.Use proprietary and open source machine learning libraries for developing supervised, unsupervised, and deep learning based solutions.Actively participate in all aspects of the model development lifecycle.Produce rapid prototypes to explore viable use cases for full model development routines.Conduct business and statistical analysis on bank owned data.Develop effective business solutions based on business needs.Prepare model document for the solutions you develop. Requirements:Master’s degree or higher in Computer Science, Data Science, Mathematics, Financial Engineering, Economics or related quantitative field.5+ years relevant industry experience.Minimum of 2 years of Python programming experience.Experience building a variety of machine learning models, including hyper parameter tuning, sensitivity analysis, model performance and accuracy evaluation, and incorporation of models into production processes.Experience building machine learning systems that include meta-learners, final decision algorithms, or other techniques deployed in stacked machine learning systems.Strong technical background with proven experience working in an Agile software development lifecycle.Experience with both SQL and noSQL database technologies. Desired Experience:Experience in Fraud Models Other Qualifications:Strives to bring new thoughts and ideas to teams in order to drive innovation and unique solutions.Excels in working among diverse viewpoints to determine the best path forward.Experience in connecting with a diverse set of clients to understand future business needs – is a continuous learner.Commitment to challenging the status quo and promoting positive change.Participate in and drive collaborative efforts to advance tools, technology, and ways of working to better serve an evolving client base.Believes in value of diversity so we can reflect, connect and meet the diverse needs of our clients and employees around the world. Job Band: H5 Shift: 1st shift (United States of America) Hours Per Week: 40 Weekly Schedule: Referral Bonus Amount: 0"
621,621,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=72ef8dc79a60577a&fccid=d7114f1cac8d0711&vjs=3,"TD Description About TD Bank, America's Most Convenient Bank® TD Bank, America's Most Convenient Bank, is one of the 10 largest banks in the U.S., providing more than 8 million customers with a full range of retail, small business and commercial banking products and services at approximately 1,300 convenient locations throughout the Northeast, Mid-Atlantic, Metro D.C., the Carolinas and Florida. In addition, TD Bank and its subsidiaries offer customized private banking and wealth management services through TD Wealth®, and vehicle financing and dealer commercial services through TD Auto Finance. TD Bank is headquartered in Cherry Hill, N.J. TD Bank, America's Most Convenient Bank, is a member of TD Bank Group and a subsidiary of The Toronto-Dominion Bank of Toronto, Canada, a top 10 financial services company in North America. The Toronto-Dominion Bank trades on the New York and Toronto stock exchanges under the ticker symbol ""TD"". Job Description The Data Scientist / Modelling/Forecasting Specialist contributes to strategic technical planning and identify opportunities to support business strategy. Expert role which provides technical leadership to others in the development of a broad range of complex models that support business needs. Job Requirements Acts as a subject matter expert integrating cross function understanding within their own field of specialty Works autonomously and accountable for acting as a lead within a specialized analytics function and may provide work direction to others Provides seasoned specialized knowledge, advice and/or guidance to various stakeholders and team members Expert at utilizing data sources across the organization with ability to integrate data across multiple platforms Works effectively across multiple business units with numerous stakeholders to deliver advanced analytics solutions Scope of role may have business segment and /or enterprise impact Generally focuses on broad range of complex issues that may span from medium long term issues (e.g. 6-12 months)  Must be eligible for employment under regulatory standards applicable to the position. Qualifications Undergraduate degree or technical certificate 7+ years relevant experience Preferred experience in SAS & Python Proficient PC skills including a strong competency in MS Excel and PowerPoint, and a variety of PC based analytical and reporting software packages. Experience making complex and broad predictions based on a vast amount of past and/or present data through the development of statistical and/or mathematical models Strong analytical and program solving skills are required to interpret data and draw conclusions Excellent written and verbal communications skills Inclusiveness At TD, we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers and communities in which we live in and serve, and creating an environment where every employee has the opportunity to reach their potential. If you are a candidate with a disability and need an accommodation to complete the application process, email the TD Bank US Workplace Accommodations Program at USWAPTDO@td.com . Include your full name, best way to reach you, and the accommodation needed to assist you with the application process. EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Job Family Advanced Analytics & Modelling Job Category - Primary Finance / Accounting Job Category(s) Finance / Accounting Hours 40 Hours / Per Week Business Line TD Bank AMCB Time Type Full Time Employment Type Regular Country United States Province/State Delaware, New Jersey, North Carolina City Charlotte, Cherry Hill, Wilmington Work Location 11325 North Community House Road, Suite 575, 1701 Route 70 East Work Remotely Nationwide, Statewide **Province/State (Primary) New Jersey City (Primary) Cherry Hill ProvState 2 Delaware City(s) 2 Wilmington ProvState 3 North Carolina City(s) 3 Charlotte Job Expires 14-Oct-2021"
622,622,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=22c4cadd4a1cc4a8&fccid=105ecfd0283f415f&vjs=3,"Duration:6+Months Responsibilities: ""Good communication skills Interface with clients and project stake holders to gain an understanding of requirements. Document the requirements, create flow charts and present to client for a sign off. Research and come up with solutions for the client problems in co-ordination with SMEs. Work in collaboration with development team to implement the solution. Ability to stay agile and travel when required. Requirements: To lead solutions discussions with the client. Map As-Is and create process flows while capturing all critical process parameters. Work with Technical team to arrive at optimal solutions. Experience in analyzing data and creating meaningful insights Hands on knowledge of SQL, Snowflake is a big plus Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion."
624,624,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=33059e04689d9579&fccid=035229327af06091&vjs=3," Following is a summary of the essential functions for this job. Other duties may be performed, both major and minor, which are not mentioned below. Specific activities may change from time to time."
625,625,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=cf832cd38bdeb84b&fccid=c2d1b0769a534b4d&vjs=3,"Spectrum Reach (www.spectrumreach.com) grows businesses of all sizes with custom, multiscreen advertising solutions, backed by the power of TV, data, innovation, community experts, and unforgettable creative.  The Data Scientist is a talented and experienced problem-solver, using analytic techniques to answer questions, identify opportunities, and make recommendations for our business. The scope of assignments will be broad, covering our client experience, operational efficiency and effectiveness, and financial and subscriber performance. They will be asked to perform the full life-cycle of data analysis, and to contribute to each step in a hands-on fashion.   MAJOR DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES The Data Scientist will perform the full life-cycle of data analysis from definition of questions / issues to presentation of results and recommendations. This work will be carried out with close direction and dialog with the Director of Data Science and other Data Scientists, and with daily interactive participation with business and data SMEs across the organization. This life-cycle of data analysis includes hands-on iterative execution of these steps: Definition: Dialog and interview with key business stakeholders on the issues and questions to answer during analysis. Provide direction and suggestions based on experience in order to clearly articulate the business questions and manage the scope of analysis. Document an analysis charter that outlines scope and goals of analysis. Data Research: Using a variety of techniques, discover and research the available sources of data. These techniques should include discussion with data and system SME’s, use of data management assets such as documentation, database catalog tables, and data models, and the use of data profiling and exploratory data analysis. Data Preparation: Using SQL and DB techniques assemble the available data, performing necessary integration, summarization, and transformation of data in order to support the analysis goals. Data Analysis: Using basic and intermediate techniques such as crosstab analysis, charting, and geographic mapping, examine the data in the context of the issues at hand. Identify when more advanced techniques are required, such as statistical analysis, regression modeling, etc., and participate in the use of these techniques. Synthesis: Draw conclusions and make recommendations based on the observed patterns in the data. By sharing these conclusions for feedback and refinement, continuously improve the veracity and utility of the findings. In close dialog with the business SME’s, identify potential areas for further analysis, measurement, or business process change. REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS Skills/Abilities and Knowledge Work closely with data and business issues and hands-on data analysis. Experience as visible influencer using data on business issues in a complex organization. Ability to quickly learn issues and business context of an assignment. Expert-level data manipulation skills in a relational-database environment: Expert-level SQL on a variety of DB platforms. Experience using DB database dictionary/catalog and data profiling techniques in order to learn about and assess data. Experience reading data models (ERDs). Knowledge of data modeling issues, such as normalization, star-schema designs, relationships, and keys. Effective and experienced in engaging data and system SMEs in dialog to learn about data and interpretation of it. Expert-level skills using analysis techniques: Design and use of basic analysis and description techniques, such as crosstabs (tables of sums and proportions), charts, and figures. Design and use of intermediate analysis such as regression analysis, decision trees, time series analysis, principal component analysis Design and use of Linear Programming tools Experience with the key issues involved when applying intermediate analytic techniques to data. Ability to describe the issue, an example of professional experience where the issue applied, and what the remedy was. Issues should include: Confounding correlations in data. Noise / random variation versus a meaningful trend or response. Data quality issues Tools Experience should include: Expert-level SQL Expert-level Excel Familiarity with R highly desired. Experience with one of R, SAS, Minitab, etc. required. Familiarity with Python scripting highly desired Desired Qualifications: Ability to teach and influence others in all of techniques used, both data and analytic. Exposure to advanced analytic techniques such as Gradient Boosted algorithms and geo-spatial analysis. Experience in the telecommunications / entertainment industry. Experience designing basic experiments for measurement of impact, in a business operations context. Experience with Cloud based architecture, like AWS Related Work Experience Data manipulation and statistical modeling experience as a Scientist, Consultant, Architect, DBA, or Engineer Programming experience EDUCATION   MS or PhD in Computer Science, Physics, Math, Statistics, Economics, Quantitative Analysis or equivalent experience  PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Extensive experience with data programming languages such as SQL/R/Python Extensive experience with large data sets or Big Data BDA303 283324-6 283324BR   For more information on Spectrum’s benefits, please click here."
628,628,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=887c9d6ef64d6841&fccid=5bd99dfa21c8a490&vjs=3,"Job Description: The Talent Acquisition Consultant I position will sit in the Global Human Resources (GHR) organizations within Global Talent Acquisition (GTA). It will provide strategic staffing support for Bank of America's Chief Data Office (CDO) organization. The role must be located in a GHR Hub Location. The CDO Talent Acquisition team is responsible for hiring highly qualified professionals both internally and externally that are responsible for enterprise data, data governance, enterprise information architecture and Activity Based Costing & Artificial Intelligence (AI) governance. This role will support hiring for CDO positions at all levels across multiple cities within the US to create a diverse, best in class organization. The majority of the hiring is focused on B5 and B4 individual contributor and manger level roles. Position Overview and Description: Strong, seasoned recruiter to provide full life cycle recruiting to include creating the overall search strategy all the way through to offer extension. TA Consultant will be responsible for sourcing, assessing technical and leadership capabilities, consulting with leaders and business partners on process and strategy as well as recommending compensation packages, offer negotiations and closing. TA Consultant will partner with senior leaders within the CDO organization as well as multiple business partners across HR and finance on various hiring processes and strategies Heavy focus on mid-level hiring across multiple hub cities within the US Creating and implementing a diversity hiring strategy to ensure slates are broad and diverse across key repeatable jobs at all levels Consult with leaders on market intelligence and key trends in the industry and how these trends impact their organization, hiring strategies and future pipeline. Scope of Responsibilities: Manage client and candidate relationships at the professional level Provide consultative search recruiting services; including research, market intelligence, sourcing, advising clients; managing the overall end to end process Continuous networking and pipelining to identify a broad and diverse external talent slate Extensive executive client interaction Ability to understand the Technology industry to effectively identify and recruit talent with relevant high caliber expertise Effectively manage all compliance and operational risk related to our Workday staffing system as well as overall hiring processes Requirements: Must have significant experience in professional level recruiting, managing end to end sourcing and recruiting processes for niche, complex skill sets. Experience developing and executing candidate sourcing strategies, cold calling, and candidate assessment through in-depth phone screens/interviews, consulting senior leaders on talent acquisition strategy and candidate management/offer negotiations. Experience recruiting for complex, hard to find niche skill sets and industries Proven track record of directly sourcing talent with specific subject matter expertise required in competitive markets Ability to work across large complex matrixed organization to achieve results Must have client management experience, with the ability to influence executives and provide consultative services Must have an ability and desire to stay abreast of market conditions Excellent candidate management capabilities including managing salary negotiations from pre-qualifying to ""close"" Must be a team player and have the ability to be flexible and adaptable to rapid changes in processes and requisition volumes Highly Preferred: Experience in technology recruiting, ideally recruiting for Data Science, Data Architects, Developers and Engineers or other highly technical roles Intermediate level Excel and PowerPoint skills Reporting and analytics capabilities Experience working in Workday Job Band: H5 Shift: 1st shift (United States of America) Hours Per Week: 40 Weekly Schedule: Referral Bonus Amount: 0"
630,630,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=3e06d4e3081c0b91&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3," Bachelor’s degree, or equivalent experience, in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or a related field 5+ years’ experience of Data platform implementation, including 3+ years of hands-on experience in implementation and performance tuning Kinesis/Kafka/Spark/Storm implementations. Experience with analytic solutions applied to the Marketing or Risk needs of enterprises Basic understanding of machine learning fundamentals. Ability to take Machine Learning models and implement them as part of data pipeline 5+ years of IT platform implementation experience. Experience with one or more relevant tools ( Flink, Spark, Sqoop, Flume, Kafka, Amazon Kinesis ). Experience developing software code in one or more programming languages (Java, JavaScript, Python, etc). Current hands-on implementation experience required  At Amazon Web Services (AWS), we’re hiring highly technical cloud computing architects and engineers to collaborate with our customers and partners on key engagements. Our consultants will develop and deliver proof-of-concept projects, technical workshops, and support implementation projects. These professional services engagements will focus on customer solutions such as Machine Learning, Data and Analytics, HPC and more.  In this role, you will work with our partners, customers and focus on our AWS Analytics and ML service offerings such Amazon Kinesis, AWS Glue, Amazon Redshift, Amazon EMR, Amazon Athena, Amazon SageMaker and more. You will help our customers and partners to remove the constraints that prevent them from leveraging their data to develop business insights.  AWS Professional Services engage in a wide variety of projects for customers and partners, providing collective experience from across the AWS customer base and are obsessed about customer success. Our team collaborates across the entire AWS organization to bring access to product and service teams, to get the right solution delivered and drive feature innovation based upon customer needs.  In our Global Specialist Practice, you will also have the opportunity to create white papers, writing blogs, build demos and other reusable collateral that can be used by our customers, and, most importantly, you will work closely with our Solution Architects, Data Scientists and Service Engineering teams.  The ideal candidate will have extensive experience with design, development and operations that leverages deep knowledge in the use of services like Amazon Kinesis, Apache Kafka, Apache Spark, Amazon Sagemaker, Amazon EMR, NoSQL technologies and other 3rd parties.  Excellent business and communication skills are a must to develop and define key business questions and to build data sets that answer those questions. You should be able to work with business customers in understanding the business requirements and implementing solutions.  Inclusive Team Culture Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have thirteen employee-led affinity groups, reaching 85,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 16 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.  Work/Life Balance Our team puts a high value on work-life harmony. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here. We are a customer-obsessed organization—leaders start with the customer and work backwards. They work vigorously to earn and keep customer trust. As such, this is a customer facing role in a hybrid delivery model. Project engagements include remote delivery methods and onsite engagement that will include travel to customer locations as needed.  Mentorship & Career Growth Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded professional and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.  This is a customer facing role. You will be required to travel to client locations and deliver professional services when needed.   Masters or PhD in Computer Science, Physics, Engineering or Math. Hands on experience working on large-scale data science/data analytics projects. Ability to lead effectively across organizations. Hands-on experience with Data Analytics technologies such as AWS, Hadoop, Spark, Spark SQL, MLib or Storm/Samza. Implementing AWS services in a variety of distributed computing, enterprise environments. Proficiency with at least one the languages such as C++, Java, Scala or Python. Experience with at least one of the modern distributed Machine Learning and Deep Learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, MxNet Caffe, and Keras. Experience building large-scale machine-learning infrastructure that have been successfully delivered to customers. Experience defining system architectures and exploring technical feasibility trade-offs. 3+ years experiences developing cloud software services and an understanding of design for scalability, performance and reliability. Experience working on a code base with many contributors. Ability to prototype and evaluate applications and interaction methodologies. Experience with AWS technology stack. Written and verbal technical communication skills with an ability to present complex technical information in a clear and concise manner to a variety of audiences.  Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."
634,634,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=c0ebf62ef5999325&fccid=2df6a1e69a70a1e7&vjs=3,"Cognizant (NASDAQ: CTSH) is a leading provider of information technology, consulting, and business process outsourcing services, dedicated to helping the world's leading companies build stronger businesses. Headquartered in Teaneck, New Jersey (U.S.). Cognizant is a member of the NASDAQ-100, the S&P 500, the Forbes Global 1000, and the Fortune 500 and we are among the top performing and fastest growing companies in the world.Our strength is built on our ability to work together. Our diverse backgrounds offer different perspectives and new ways of thinking. It encourages lively discussions, inspires thought leadership, and helps us build better solutions for our clients. We want someone who thrives in this setting and is inspired to craft meaningful solutions through true collaboration.  Business Analyst/Data Analyst- Full Time *This role is not able to offer visa transfer or sponsorship now or in the future*  AIA - Artificial Intelligence and Analytics Practice  This Practice that leads all initiatives surrounding incorporating AI into Customer Intelligence, Operations Intelligence, Product Intelligence, and Fraud Insights  Location and Travel: Fort Mill, SC or REMOTE  Based on the analysis of the type of the project provide inputs on project methodology to senior stakeholders (Project Manager / Architects etc).  Consolidate inputs from developers and collectively provide inputs on activities/ tasks, task level estimates, schedule, dependencies, risks etc.  Consolidate inputs from developers and collectively provide inputs to testing strategy, configuration, deployment, hardware/software requirement etc.  Analyze in detail resources required for every phase, conduct estimation of time utilization of different resources and activities, prepare resource and development plan or provide inputs and review with PM.  Participate in KT sessions conducted by customer/ other business teams.  Cognizant is committed to veteran and military communities. Cognizant has been often recognized as a military friendly employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our business resource group Veterans Network assists our military associates in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence.  Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Jun 10 2021  About Cognizant Cognizant (Nasdaq-100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant is ranked 194 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us @USJobsCognizant.  Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service. Cognizant is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you have a disability that requires a reasonable accommodation to search for a job opening or submit an application, please email CareersNA2@cognizant.com with your request and contact information."
635,635,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1d06d4637296dd37&fccid=57accab7169761bd&vjs=3,"Our Company: Kindred at Home, part of the Kindred at Home family of hospice, home health, palliative, and community care providers, focuses on clinical excellence with compassion and dignity. Our company culture centers around humility, servant leadership, empathy, and innovation while we serve as a leader in the home care industry. Our people and our patient care allow us to make a difference when life matters most. We are passionate about what we do because our care matters. Overview:  We’re looking for a Senior Data Analyst to join our team. You will report directly to the VP of Sales and Operations Analytics. The Senior Data Analyst is responsible for applying forecasting and/or statistical analysis to the company’s sales trends and operational metrics and reporting the results. Apply forecasting or statistical analysis to company’s sales trends and operational metrics Gather, organize, analyze, and report operational and sales data Evaluate performance metrics to determine acceptable levels of quality or efficiency for various business functions and units Research, compile, assimilate, and prepare confidential/sensitive documents and memoranda Audit files for purpose of analyzing management and organizations policies About You: Bachelor’s degree required. Master’s degree preferred Five to seven years related experience required Healthcare industry experience a plus SQL programming experience preferred High preference given to those with statistical expertise We Offer: Comprehensive Benefits Package: Health Insurance, 401k Plan, Tuition Reimbursement, PTO Opportunity to Participate In a Fleet Program Competitive Salaries Mileage Reimbursement Professional Growth and Development Opportunities Legalese: This is a safety-sensitive position Employee must meet minimum requirements to be eligible for benefits Where applicable, employee must meet state specific requirements We are proud to be an EEO employer We maintain a drug-free workplace Location: Kindred at Home - Hospice Division"
636,636,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=33059e04689d9579&fccid=035229327af06091&vjs=3," Following is a summary of the essential functions for this job. Other duties may be performed, both major and minor, which are not mentioned below. Specific activities may change from time to time."
637,637,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a5a4209311a437bb&fccid=6ce11bcd7af32730&vjs=3,"Company Description CapTech is a team of master builders, creators, and problem solvers who help clients grow efficient, successful businesses. We unite diverse skills and perspectives to transform how data, systems, and ingenuity enable each client to advance what’s possible in a changing world. As perceptive partners, our U.S-based consultants find inspiration in the unknown and enjoy getting our hands dirty solving our clients’ myriad of challenges. Across industries and business goals, we fuse technical depth and analytical prowess with creative savvy to move clients forward. This drive helps each organization use technology, management, and insight to turn ideas into action. Together, we create outcomes that exceed the expected — which is one of the reasons we’ve been on the Inc. 500/5000 list for over a decade.  Job Description CapTech Machine Learning Engineers are responsible for designing and implementing data-driven solutions for our clients, with specific focus on building and deploying scalable machine learning systems in enterprise environments. CapTech employees enjoy a collaborative environment and have many opportunities to learn from and share knowledge with other CapTech analysts, architects, and our clients. Specific responsibilities for the Machine Learning Engineer position include: Strategizing with clients, data scientists, engineers, and other members of cross-functional teams to implement end-to-end machine learning solutions and identify new machine learning approaches to meet business needs (e.g., building pipelines to enable ML models in an enterprise setting). Deconstructing client needs into data-driven processes/models and analytical measures. Analyzing and transforming large datasets hosted on a variety of enterprise-level data platforms, (e.g., AWS, Azure, GCP). Designing, developing, and deploying advanced analytical solutions leveraging client data (e.g., recommender systems, natural language processing, risk scoring). Productionizing ML systems with a focus on optimization and scalability to satisfy clients’ requirements. Growing CapTech’s Machine Learning practice through delivering client presentations, writing proposals, attending various business development events, and leading teams of junior data scientists and engineers.  Qualifications Typical experience for successful candidates includes: Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and experience. Hands-on experience manipulating and analyzing large (multi-billion record) data sets. Hands-on experience developing data-driven solutions using Python, Scala, or similar languages. Proficiency leveraging SQL, MapReduce/Hive, NoSQL and/or modern data processing frameworks in a production setting. Moderate proficiency with data warehousing tools/environments: e.g. Snowflake, Teradata, SQL Server, RDS, Presto. Comfort and proficiency in framing data-driven problems from cross-industry business requirements. Experience across multiple analytical practices such as: consumer analysis, marketing analysis, financial analysis, website analysis, healthcare analysis and/or social media analysis. Hands-on experience implementing production-scale machine learning systems in one or more domains (i.e. personalization, natural language processing, computer vision). Knowledge of DevOps and automation best practices. Knowledge of statistics and statistical modeling methods. Knowledge of model management and model versioning best practices. Additional Information We provide challenging and impactful opportunities in our client work and internal teams, while keeping individual interests in mind. We want everyone at CapTech to be able to envision a lifelong career here, which is why we offer a variety of career paths based on your skills and passions. As a CapTecher, you will experience exciting and rewarding roles that help you grow and make a difference, while having fun along the way. At CapTech we offer a competitive and comprehensive benefits package including, but not limited to: Competitive salary with performance-based bonus opportunities Three comprehensive Medical Plan options (PPO and HDHP), as well as Dental and Vision coverage Company paid basic Life and AD&D, Short-Term and Long-Term Disability Insurance Matching 401(k) Cell Phone stipend Competitive Paid Time Off Paid Birth and Family Bonding Leave Adoption Assistance Training and Certification opportunities eligible for expense reimbursement Team building and social activities Mentor program to help you develop your career CapTech is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering a culture of equality, inclusion and fairness — each foundational to our core values. We strive to create a diverse environment where each employee is encouraged to bring their unique ideas, backgrounds and experiences to the workplace. For more information about our diversity, Inclusion and belonging efforts, click HERE. At this time, CapTech cannot transfer nor sponsor a work visa for this position. Applicants must be authorized to work directly for any employer in the United States without visa sponsorship. Candidates must be eligible to work in the U.S. for any employer directly (we are not open to contract or “corp to corp” agreements). CapTech is a Drug-Free work place. Candidates must have the ability to work at CapTech’s client locations. Some positions may require travel. CapTech has not contracted/does not contract with any outside vendors in its recruitment process. If you are interested in this position, please apply to CapTech directly. #LI-AB1"
638,638,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=7362498169ed3c16&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"We Are: As part of our Data & AI, you will lead technology innovation for our clients through robust delivery of world-class solutions. You will build better software better! There will never be a typical day and that’s why people love it here. The opportunities to make a difference within exciting client initiatives are unlimited in the ever-changing technology landscape. You will be part of a highly collaborative and growing network of technology and data experts, who are taking on today’s biggest, most complex business challenges using the latest data and analytics technologies. We will nurture your talent in an inclusive culture that values diversity. You will have an opportunity to work in roles such as Data Scientist, Data Engineer, or Chief Data Officer covering all aspects of Data including Data Management, Data Governance, Data Intelligence, Knowledge Graphs, and IoT. Come grow your career in Technology at Accenture! You Are: A Business Intelligence pro with a talent for blending creativity, critical thinking, and strategy to help clients visualize their data. You build and deliver solutions that collect, transform, analyze, and report data, and you provide key knowledge and value at different levels—strategic and tactical as well as operational. You’re in your element in a team setting where you can use your formidable creative and analytical powers to crush problems. Communication and people skills You have both in spades, along with strong leadership chops. Working in an information systems environment makes you more than happy. The Work: Answer client’s business questions by dissecting their data, using measurement techniques, drafting KPIs, and building reports and dashboards.Collaborate with clients and team members on data visualizations using tools such as Tableau, Qlik, IBM Cognos, Plotly, and Kibana, per clients’ needs.Generate requirements for application designs while pinpointing the best type of visualization to meet your client’s needs.Build and test functional prototypes for BI, data discovery, and analytics solutions.Run data and dashboard quality assurance throughout the design phase in collaboration with your team.Build dashboard automation processes and pull together and deliver presentations based on your findings.Work together with IT Architects, BI analysts, database developers, application developers, and functional practitioners, as well as with clients/partners.  What You Need: Minimum of 2 years of combined data, analytics and strategic consulting experience Minimum of 2 years of analytical delivery platform implementation experience Minimum of 2 years of experience one or more of the following areas: Minimum of two years of experience one or more of the following areas: Business Translator (identifying business problem, initiative, analytics intervention, data scientist management, data science interpretation, storytelling) Analytics led Performance models (spanning multi-functions with direct/ indirect causality, used to inform strategic and operational planning and decision making) Data & Analytics Transformation (current state assessment, strategy development, value case, roadmap, and blueprint) Process Automation, Machine Learning, and Artificial Intelligence practices (knowledge of how advancing digital tools and techniques are applied in enterprise data and analytics strategies and roadmaps) A Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent work experience (12 years) or an Associate’s Degree with 6 years of work experience Bonus points if you have: Experience with any cloud (AWS, Azure, GCP) is a strong plus Create a value chain to help address the challenges of acquiring data, evaluating its value, distilling & analyzing. Lead data modeling activities to capture and model data requirements, business rules, and logical and physical models Examine data from multiple sources, and share insights which provide competitive advantage We will not accept external applications from applicants located in Colorado, unless the role can only be performed in Colorado. As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $61,600 - $114,499 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
639,639,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5163360b188e513f&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3," Bachelor’s degree in a highly quantitative field (Computer Science, Machine Learning, Operational Research, Statistics, Mathematics, etc.) or equivalent professional or military experience Experience with ML fields, e.g., natural language processing, computer vision, statistical learning theory 10+ years of industry experience in predictive modeling, data science, and analysis Experience in an ML engineer or data scientist role building and deploying ML models or hands on experience developing deep learning models Experience writing code in Python, R, Scala, Java, C++ with documentation for reproducibility Experience handling terabyte size datasets, diving into data to discover hidden patterns, using data visualization tools, writing SQL, and working with GPUs to develop models Experience writing and speaking about technical concepts to business, technical, and lay audiences and giving data-driven presentations  Want to help the largest global enterprises derive business value through the adoption of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML)? Excited by using massive amounts of disparate data to develop ML models? Eager to learn to apply ML to a diverse array of enterprise use cases? Thrilled to be a part of Amazon who has been pioneering and shaping the world’s AI/ML technology for decades?  At Amazon Web Services (AWS), we are helping large enterprises build ML models on the AWS Cloud. We are applying predictive technology to large volumes of data and against a wide spectrum of problems. AWS Professional Services works together with AWS customers to address their business needs using AI solutions.  AWS Professional Services is a unique consulting team. We pride ourselves on being customer obsessed and highly focused on the AI enablement of our customers. If you have experience with AI, including building ML models, we’d like to have you join our team. You will get to work with an innovative company, with great teammates, and have a lot of fun helping our customers. A successful candidate will be a person who enjoys diving deep into data, doing analysis, discovering root causes, and designing long-term solutions. Inclusive Team Culture Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have thirteen employee-led affinity groups, reaching 85,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 16 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.  Work/Life Balance Our team puts a high value on work-life harmony. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here. We are a customer-obsessed organization—leaders start with the customer and work backwards. They work vigorously to earn and keep customer trust. As such, this is a customer facing role in a hybrid delivery model. Project engagements include remote delivery methods and onsite engagement that will include travel to customer locations as needed.  Mentorship & Career Growth Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded professional and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.  This is a customer-facing role and you will be required to travel to client locations and deliver professional services as needed.  Major responsibilities include:  Assist customers by being able to deliver a ML project from beginning to end, including understanding the business need, aggregating data, exploring data, building & validating predictive models, and deploying completed models with concept-drift monitoring and retraining to deliver business impact to the organization Use AWS AI services (e.g., Personalize), ML platforms (SageMaker), and frameworks (e.g., MXNet, TensorFlow, PyTorch, SparkML, scikit-learn) to help our customers build ML models Research and implement novel ML approaches, including hardware optimizations on platforms such as AWS Inferentia Work with our other Professional Services consultants (Big Data, IoT, HPC) to analyze, extract, normalize, and label relevant data, and with our Professional Services engineers to operationalize customers’ models after they are prototyped Mater’s degree of PhD in a highly quantitative field (Computer Science, Machine Learning, Operational Research, Statistics, Mathematics, etc.) Ability to develop strategic, baselined, data modeling processes; ability to accurately determine cause-and-effect relationships. Publications or presentations in recognized ML journals or conferences Deep technical skills, consulting experience, and business savvy to interface with all levels and disciplines within our customers’ organization Demonstrable track record of dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment  Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."
641,641,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=70fe496976ca8e28&fccid=402f23c7b01ca527&vjs=3,"The primary purpose of this role is to provide advanced analytical capabilities to support data science initiatives. This position gains experience in various areas including, but not limited to: predictive modeling; personalization and recommendation algorithms; natural language processing and text mining; search recall, precision, ranking, and related problems; optimization and mathematical programming with applications in labor scheduling, inventory and capacity planning, network flows, and supply chain optimization. A Senior Data Scientist solves complex problems that do not yet have solutions in the research. Therefore, the individual in this role must be an expert in his/her field and confident in interacting and proposing solutions to the business. This role influences the thought process and methodology for other team members.  Responsibilities: Mines and extracts data and applies statistics and algorithms necessary to derive insights for Lowe's and Lowe's Digital Supports the generation of an automated insights generation framework for Lowe's business partners to effectively interpret data Provides actionable insights through data science on Personalization, Search & Navigation, SEO & Promotions, Supply Chain, Services, other company priorities, etc. Tracks success of Lowe's through the development of dashboard reports that measure financial results, customer satisfaction, and engagement metrics Conducts deep statistical analysis, including predictive and prescriptive modeling in order to provide a competitive advantage at Lowe's Maintains expert-level knowledge on industry trends, emerging technologies, and new methodologies and applies it to projects as well as using it to guide team members Leads automation and analytical projects, collaborating across functions in Lowe's and Lowe's Digital Responsible for influencing, leading the thought process, and defining the appropriate methodology for team members Translates or provides guidance to more junior level scientists to translate requirements into an analytical approach; asks the right questions to understand the problem; validates understanding with Stakeholder or Manager Builds or provides guidance for building the analytic approach to solving a business problem; helps identify the sources, methods, parameters, and procedures to be used; clarifies expectations with stakeholders and plans resources accordingly Leverages deep understanding of statistical techniques and tools to analyze data according to the project plan; communicates with stakeholders to provide updates and manage scope Prepares final recommendations, ensuring solutions are best-in-class, implementable and scalable in the business Executes plan for measuring impact based on discussions with stakeholders, partners and senior team members Executes projects with full adherence to enterprise project management practices by participating in formal and informal training Maintains knowledge of techniques, technology, industry trends, best practices, and emerging Methodologies  Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Economics, Engineering, Computer Science, Data or Information Science, or related quantitative analytic field AND 4 years of experience in analytics AND 2 years of programming experience (Python, Java, Scala, Rust, etc.) OR Master's Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Economics, Engineering, Computer Science, Data or Information Science, or related quantitative analytic field AND 2 years of experience in analytics AND 1 year of programming experience (Python, Java, Scala, Rust, etc.) OR Ph.D. in Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Economics, Engineering, Computer Science, Data or Information Science, or related quantitative analytic field AND 1 year of experience in analytics ALSO Knowledge of SQL and various statistical modeling or machine learning techniques  Preferred Qualifications: In most cases Lowe’s will not be able to provide sponsorship for roles located in the Tech Hub Ph.D. degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Economics, Engineering, Computer Science, Data or Information Science, or related quantitative analytic field 3 years of experience performing predictive analytics at a large scale enterprise 3 years of experience in data science or advanced analytics in industry SQL Experience Programming experience (Python, Java, Scala, Rust, etc.) Experience using multiple data systems and sources (such as Hadoop, Spark, Aster, Teradata, etc.) About Lowe’s: Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (NYSE: LOW) is a FORTUNE® 50 home improvement company serving approximately 18 million customers a week in the United States and Canada. With fiscal year 2019 sales of $72.1 billion, Lowe’s and its related businesses operate or service more than 2,200 home improvement and hardware stores and employ approximately 300,000 associates. Based in Mooresville, N.C., Lowe’s supports its hometown Charlotte region and all communities it serves through programs focused on creating safe, affordable housing and helping to develop the next generation of skilled trade experts. For more information, visit Lowes.com.  About Lowe’s in the Community: As a FORTUNE® 50 home improvement company, Lowe’s is committed to creating safe, affordable housing and helping to develop the next generation of skilled trade experts through nonprofit partnerships. Across every community we serve, Lowe’s associates donate their time and expertise through the Lowe’s Heroes volunteer program. For the latest news, visit Newsroom.Lowes.com or follow @LowesMedia on Twitter.  Lowe’s is an equal opportunity employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religious creed, sex, gender, age, ancestry, national origin, mental or physical disability or medical condition, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, military or veteran status, genetic information, or any other category protected under federal, state, or local law."
642,642,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0Bjic9BpODao-m9BEup4myv2yv9o6hanv70kCRpjMjSDcmmrD9YS-C3oR4_7EU-DV0ecVzDD9LsER9sy6ByHdQpM9g47c7NExbnehcwmFYVIhM08AKr4J5SoG2l1UT9ctwpT2BumoXXVDpd_sZr_FgB8aExauuS5q9T2ZQl45EOSkQHjK15Z4FRnY5MRAFIQodDVHXuQpIz7gKyd9dL2h29821P5aXBMXw_1LS-1K-J2a7ZTz5cgQiUULDPcrt3QLgLlIVrvwLkWbGc4MHV7x6AJLkfrfkdOBoD5QuWVuPcWhCTkhKWYhZzpMj6j1AMT_3fg8969A6oQp4K8mS7blmMVH2anjYh0dReR0wttmYPoeAu6SHCHc13EuImo2Ks775IfWnawwqx93qkjaVEHhFZz9HZ9pp3_eQk4oLYkijAIIDFEUr2dXILOrxuUag4N_3fT8qBNlISmBpga4sy1e_H1n85ULZX47ymbu0wQdthpowC97dFUdtEB3UThshdb8LimSXlFE7eCjXpYNJu1UMJQxnyanJq_qbH6Zn4_ULgXX758IXhBvzitw6xku8YvB1kmKjPKFmlQlnWOzoSDvq9NK190_q_vnxdmAkm4Y9miDp9ubP1K89tNuAxIxO7QIuZ7Dr6NcL79-ZEATRBN2YFnhpPi4VdCnuxK-jBQnFgBzW0MrONBnn6eEvkB1ZuPP7FRwn0xUqScxbJThlkguLO4bAVaRM20cMvRc-KrFq13yXZmN5tVuBIx_1nct5Q2cCx7yXhyqVXKqnc_0pM7ZNnRdWYx-h5ZVYITZ7ZOYZj9Pm6EZ2goSC5W73ebifze05lCHrFRxtESISZi9pvtDrPZ6UdJ4Pfeow1D37m8yRH4MaoEBpGhDxxEbXRU6m6QWc_VTWDSi4WjH2hA6-NOSGjbSirKKcB2bvYbISXzbFm9slPx5xboYeT0iN8ZxjsFboxTqFdxA-tnt2pz5UzWP4Kcqv4v0fBm9lcQCK4na4lhFx5d3CtQy-Sc5edb2r_2g3viVmG0yNdLCd9TGOPbKkO&p=8&fvj=0&vjs=3,"Immediate need for a talented Data Science Consultant with experience in Utility Industry, This is a 12+ Months Contract opportunity with long-term potential and is located in Charlotte, NC. Please review the job description below,  Job ID: 21-40671  Job Description: This position is responsible for data science consulting activities in order to: Serve as an expert in translating complex data into key strategy insights and valuable actions. Discover business narratives told by the data and present them to other scientists, business stakeholders, and managers at various levels. Develop and test heuristics. Create and run models. Perform data exploration and data mining. Solving predictive and prescriptive problems by applying techniques from mathematics, statistics, computer science, and related disciplines. Developing software products and services in collaboration with our engineering, science, and business vertical teams.  Key Requirements and Technology Experience: Solid background and understanding (Mastery) of advanced mathematics, statistical and machine learning models, and algorithms (5+ years). 3+ years of experience (Proficient) of programming languages for statistical and Client modeling, Python/R, experience with Spark and big data/cloud platform (AWS, Azure). Experience building and delivering enterprise-scale software, i.e., ability to generalize models and deliver production-level code, including error handling, testing, etc. Understanding of and ability to use scripts like SQL (Structured Query Language) and/or Hive for accessing and wrangling data. Excellent verbal and written communication skills as well as the ability to bridge the gap between data science and business management. Required Qualifications: Master’s or doctoral degree in business analytics or an advanced computer programming field, statistics, physics, mathematics, engineering, computer science, management of information systems, or related fields or an MBA.  Our client is a leading Utility Industry and we are currently interviewing to fill this and other similar contract positions, If you are interested in this position, please apply online for immediate consideration #cha."
643,643,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=64128ff646c1d1cc&fccid=5bd99dfa21c8a490&vjs=3,"Job Description: Enterprise Data Risk, Compliance and Operational Risk (EDR COR), seeks to deliver effective independent risk management of the activities and processes associated with managing the Company’s data. The team provides 2nd line oversight of Enterprise Data Strategy & Governance (EDSG), Chief Data Office (CDO) and coordinates Enterprise wide Data Risk coverage with 2nd line partners (GCOR FLU Coverage Risk Managers). The Enterprise Data Risk Compliance and Operational Risk team is seeking multiple executives with a focus on one the following data related skills sets:  Data Architecture and Database architecture strategy – The Data Risk Management Executive (EDR COR Executive) has knowledge of data domains, relational database design including structure/interface, cloud-based solutions, and data lineage. The EDR COR manager possesses a high level of skill in application deployment and workload architectures to better understand and identify data risks. Data Methods and Artificial Intelligence (AI) – The Data Risk Management Executive (EDR COR Executive) has knowledge of data methods including artificial intelligence and machine learning and the ability to identify any risks which may have unintended consequences The EDR COR Executive will lead the development, delivery and ongoing management of a 2nd line Independent Data Risk Management program of compliance and operational risk management (CORM). The role will lead risk assessments of various types of data risks across lines of business and control functions, e.g. data quality risk, data movement risk, data fit for purpose risk and data governance. The EDR COR Executive will ensure effective analysis and measurements of key data risks are established, measured and monitored. The EDR COR Executive provides strategic direction, planning and inspection of the EDR COR team or group of teams who are responsible for identifying, escalating and mitigating risks in a timely manner in alignment with the CORM Program and the Policies. This role ensures there is consistent, proactive engagement with the FLU/CF leaders globally, and collaborates with1st line partners (EDSG & CDO) and 2nd line partners (GCOR Coverage Risk Managers). Additionally, as an expert in a specific area of coverage, the EDR COR EAC Executive should stay up to date on emerging data capabilities, methods and tools and conduct external benchmarking, participate in industry forums and innovate on emerging trends or topics related to their area of coverage. The EDR COR Executive has one or more of the following: Understands governance and adoption of Authoritative Data Sources Experience in metadata management, architectural strategy (Data domains), policy design, process design, business architecture and management information reporting Understands the core methodology in AI solutions and the context in which it will be deployed so as to find risks/gaps Ability to review and challenge AI Governance and recommend alternative approaches or controls to mitigate risks/gaps identified Looks for unexpected risks / unintended consequences of an AI solution over its life cycle Knowledge of machine learning, natural language processing technology The EDR COR Executive has  Passion for data combined with intellectual curiosity and learning agility to accurately interpret, understand and evaluate a variety of risks to data across multiple lines of business and control functions Understanding of strategies to use data as an asset Strong business-centric mindset with ability to utilize sound business judgment to problem solve, make decisions in complex situations and drive issues to completion Strong analytical skills (including both analysis of financial data and written reports). Talk and writes in a clear, concise, organized, and convincing manner for the intended audience Leadership experience including (directly or indirectly) managing employees with diverse skill sets, setting a long term departmental strategy and comfortable with leading change The EDR COR Executive is also accountable for these activities for their areas of coverage including, but not limited to: · Oversees independent risk management reporting to Global Compliance and Operational Risk (“GC&OR”) Senior Leaders and FLU/CF Senior Leaders via established governance and management routines Participates in industry forums and monitors regulatory expectations, emerging legislation and regulation, political scrutiny, litigation and key influencers (trade associations, PACs, lobbyists, consumer groups, and media) in the EAC subject area to identify and mitigate emerging risks Oversees the identification of regulatory training needs and C&OR input into the development of training curriculum Oversees the development and maintenance of C&OR-owned policies and standards and the review of relevant FLU/CF-owned policies and standards to ensure that regulatory requirements and operational risks are appropriately addressed, inclusive of conduct risk as applicable Advises and directs business leaders coordinating with the FLU/CF compliance and operational risk teams to ensure that regulatory requirements and operational risks are addressed in their respective procedures and controls so that their daily activities operate in a compliant manner Oversees changes in regulations applicable to area(s) of coverage, including advising business leaders on those changes, directing the appropriate areas to implement or amend policies, standards, procedures and/or processes to address regulatory requirements, and challenging the implementation plan as needed; ensures a comprehensive regulatory inventory Oversees the identification, aggregation, reporting, remediation and thematic analysis of FLU/CF-owned issues and control enhancements Escalates compliance and operational risks and issues to appropriate governance routines or management/board level committees Oversees remediation of C&OR “owned” issues and control enhancements to ensure they are addressed appropriately and timely Accountable for risk coverage plans, oversees execution of monitoring, testing and risk assessments, communicates results and escalates when applicable Ensures appropriate review and challenge of the FLU/CF process, risk, and control (PRC) inventory and Risk & Control Self-Assessments (RCSA) for EAC-specific themes and trends Ensures appropriate review and challenge of internal and external operational loss events, including development of remediation plans to strengthen controls, and approves where appropriate Oversees Scenario Analysis activities for assigned coverage areas including appropriate challenge and approval Ensures effective measurements of key risks are established and monitored in consideration of risk coverage plans, communicates related results to FLU/CF stakeholders, provides oversight of the remediation of out of tolerance results, and escalates as appropriate Required Skills: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience 12+ years of Financial Services experience. Experience should include Data Management, Data Governance, Risk Management Data Architecture (Data Domains) or Data Tools. Note, Diverse backgrounds or experiences Should have a passion for data and analysis, and how that information can be used for better planning and decision making Must have strong data analysis, interpretation and data visualization skills Comfortable and capable of working with multiple business partners, clients, and senior executives, communicating with them at their level of analytical/technical understanding Solid experience with Data tools, analytics, reporting and technology experience ( i.e.Collibra, Blueprint, JIRA, Tableau, MicroStrategy) Communication- Can articulately paint credible pictures & visions of possibilities and likelihoods Desired Skills: Experience in metadata management, architectural strategy, policy design, process design, business architecture and management information reporting Vision- Takes a long-term view and builds a shared vision with others; acts as a catalyst for organization change. Influences others to translate vision into action Resilience- Deals effectively with pressure; remains optimistic and persistent, even under adversity. Recovers quickly from setbacks. On occasion required to take an unpopular stand Collaboration- Develops networks and builds alliances; collaborates across boundaries to build strategic relationships and achieve common goals. Influencing and negotiating across external stakeholders (regulators) as well as internal groups Interpersonal Skills- Treats others with courtesy, sensitivity, and respect. Considers and responds appropriately to the needs and feelings of different people in different situations Leveraging Diversity- Fosters an inclusive workplace where diversity and individual differences are valued and leveraged to achieve the vision and mission of the organization. Exposure and involvement with Employee Engagement initiatives including supporting Diversity & Inclusion efforts Developing Others- Develops the ability of others to perform and contribute to the organization by providing ongoing feedback and by providing opportunities to learn through formal and informal methods Enterprise Role Profile: The EAC C&OR Executive provides strategic direction, planning and inspection of an EAC C&OR team or group of teams who are responsible for identifying, escalating and mitigating risks in a timely manner in alignment with the CORM Program and the Policies. This role ensures there is consistent, proactive engagement with the FLU/CF leaders globally, working with the FLU/CF C&OR officer teams to independently advise those leaders on effectively managing the operational and compliance risks related to their area of coverage. Additionally, as an expert in a specific area of coverage, the EAC C&OR Executive conducts external benchmarking, participates in industry forums and innovates on emerging trends or topics related to their area of coverage.  The EAC C&OR Executive exercises judgment, influences and constructively challenges the FLU and CF leaders with the C&OR officers, providing timely advice regarding regulatory requirements and expectations, and the implementation of controls to effectively mitigate compliance and operational risk. Where there are centrally managed governance functions in place, the EAC C&OR Executive has relationship management responsibilities, including additional reporting and communication to/with those leaders about the status of compliance and operational risk management for that particular EAC. The EAC C&OR Executive is responsible for identifying and recommending standard process, control and risk definitions for like-processes related to the EAC and oversees adoption enterprise-wide.  The EAC C&OR Executive engages other C&OR officers, including horizontal coverage owners and EAC, to provide comprehensive oversight of FLU/CF activities. This role assists in developing and maintaining a global coverage plan which defines the scope and risk-based focus of the second line’s risk management activities. The EAC C&OR Executive assists in preparing materials for C&OR regulatory exams/audits/inquiries and may assist with preparation for FLU/CF regulatory exams/audits/inquiries.  The EAC C&OR Executive is accountable for the requirements in the Policies, working with FLU/CF C&OR officers to complete those requirements for their areas of coverage including, but not limited to the following activities:  Oversees independent risk management reporting to Global Compliance and Operational Risk (“GC&OR”) Senior Leaders and FLU/CF Senior Leaders via established governance and management routinesParticipates in industry forums and monitors regulatory expectations, emerging legislation and regulation, political scrutiny, litigation and key influencers (trade associations, PACs, lobbyists, consumer groups, and media) in the EAC subject area to identify and mitigate emerging risksOversees the identification of regulatory training needs and C&OR input into the development of training curriculumOversees the development and maintenance of C&OR-owned policies and standards and the review of relevant FLU/CF-owned policies and standards to ensure that regulatory requirements and operational risks are appropriately addressed, inclusive of conduct risk as applicableAdvises and directs business leaders coordinating with the FLU/CF compliance and operational risk teams to ensure that regulatory requirements and operational risks are addressed in their respective procedures and controls so that their daily activities operate in a compliant mannerOversees changes in regulations applicable to area(s) of coverage, including advising business leaders on those changes, directing the appropriate areas to implement or amend policies, standards, procedures and/or processes to address regulatory requirements, and challenging the implementation plan as needed; ensures a comprehensive regulatory inventoryOversees the identification, aggregation, reporting, remediation and thematic analysis of FLU/CF-owned issues and control enhancementsEscalates compliance and operational risks and issues to appropriate governance routines or management/board level committeesOversees remediation of C&OR “owned” issues and control enhancements to ensure they are addressed appropriately and timelyAccountable for risk coverage plans, oversees execution of monitoring, testing and risk assessments, communicates results and escalates when applicableEnsures appropriate review and challenge of the FLU/CF process, risk, and control (PRC) inventory and Risk & Control Self-Assessments (RCSA) for EAC-specific themes and trendsEnsures appropriate review and challenge of internal and external operational loss events, including development of remediation plans to strengthen controls, and approves where appropriateOversees Scenario Analysis activities for assigned coverage areas including appropriate challenge and approvalEnsures effective measurements of key risks are established and monitored in consideration of risk coverage plans, communicates related results to FLU/CF stakeholders, provides oversight of the remediation of out of tolerance results, and escalates as appropriate Required Skills: Minimum Years Business & Functional Experience: 12 years Degree Required: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience  Desired Skills: In depth knowledge of or certification in law, rule, regulation or area of coverage (ie: SCRA, Privacy); Desired: Association of Privacy Professional (IAPP) accredited certification programs for Privacy EAC Job Band: H3 Shift: 1st shift (United States of America) Hours Per Week: 40 Weekly Schedule: Referral Bonus Amount: 0"
645,645,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=ba85ccb4099583e1&fccid=105ecfd0283f415f&vjs=3,"Duration: 6+Months Responsibilities: 10 years of IT Consulting experience with 5 years of Process and Data Experience Bachelors degree in Computer Science and or Engineering and or Business Hands on experience with one or more Process Mining tools Celonis UiPath Process Mining Strong data manipulation skills SQL Experience in Big Data Data Mining and Process Mining Experience with data analysis and visualization Familiarity with at least one enterprise suite SAP Oracle etc Domain Functional knowledge of Banking Financial and or procurement processes P2P O2C RTR is a plus Experience in process analysis and improvement Strong communication skills ability to explain solutions in person and in writing person with excellent analytical skills are always well organized and known for being a quick learner very dedicated and visionary and want to actively drive the Celonis Process Mining technology forward     The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion."
646,646,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=f6e8f0facd113f6d&fccid=5bd99dfa21c8a490&vjs=3,"Job Description: Responsible for performing complex analysis and modeling. Utilizes a variety of systems including, but not limited to Excel, Access, Visual Basic, SAS, and InfoQuest at an intermediary level. Provides analytical support on various strategies to ensure company goals are met. Coordinates the production of performance reports and updates for senior management. May utilize established databases to provide statistical and financial modeling. Analyzes portfolio trends, concerning risk, loss trends, marketing performance, portfolio dynamics, and bureau scoring criteria. Will participate in the rollout of company-wide pilot programs developed as a result of programmed models. Duties primarily include the regular use of discretion and independent judgment. 2-5 years experience preferred.Responsible for performing complex analysis and modeling. Utilizes a variety of systems including, but not limited to Excel, Access, Visual Basic, SAS, and InfoQuest at an intermediary level. Provides analytical support on various strategies to ensure company goals are met. Coordinates the production of performance reports and updates for senior management. May utilize established databases to provide statistical and financial modeling. Analyzes portfolio trends, concerning risk, loss trends, marketing performance, portfolio dynamics, and bureau scoring criteria. Will participate in the rollout of company-wide pilot programs developed as a result of programmed models. Duties primarily include the regular use of discretion and independent judgment. 2-5 years experience preferred. Required Skills 4 - 6 years of professional experience in NLP programming NLP programming in R and or Python / Anaconda Heavy programming skills; linguistics, text mining/ data mining Demonstrated background in NLP and machine learning. Preference for degrees in computer science, information retrieval, statistics, applied math, or other quantitative field Demonstrated track record of publication in peer reviewed journals and conferences Track-record of having developed novel algorithms Has demonstrated experience working with large data sets in Hadoop and traditional SQL databases Solid background in statistical learning techniques for NLP (HMMs, CRFs, SVMs, LDA, LSI,MRFs) Must have ML/NLP algorithm implementation experience as well as the ability to create /modify standard algorithms (e.g. change objectives, work-out the math and implement) Experience in deep learning - phonetics (valued) Experience in one or more of the following areas: entity/relation extraction, information extraction, summarization, semantics, document classification, ontology, question answering, and knowledge graph Experience on modern deep learning approaches to NLP: word/paragraph embedding’s, structured prediction, sentiment analysis, disambiguation Job Band: H5 Shift: 1st shift (United States of America) Hours Per Week: 40 Weekly Schedule: Referral Bonus Amount: 0"
648,648,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=3e06d4e3081c0b91&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3," Bachelor’s degree, or equivalent experience, in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or a related field 5+ years’ experience of Data platform implementation, including 3+ years of hands-on experience in implementation and performance tuning Kinesis/Kafka/Spark/Storm implementations. Experience with analytic solutions applied to the Marketing or Risk needs of enterprises Basic understanding of machine learning fundamentals. Ability to take Machine Learning models and implement them as part of data pipeline 5+ years of IT platform implementation experience. Experience with one or more relevant tools ( Flink, Spark, Sqoop, Flume, Kafka, Amazon Kinesis ). Experience developing software code in one or more programming languages (Java, JavaScript, Python, etc). Current hands-on implementation experience required  At Amazon Web Services (AWS), we’re hiring highly technical cloud computing architects and engineers to collaborate with our customers and partners on key engagements. Our consultants will develop and deliver proof-of-concept projects, technical workshops, and support implementation projects. These professional services engagements will focus on customer solutions such as Machine Learning, Data and Analytics, HPC and more.  In this role, you will work with our partners, customers and focus on our AWS Analytics and ML service offerings such Amazon Kinesis, AWS Glue, Amazon Redshift, Amazon EMR, Amazon Athena, Amazon SageMaker and more. You will help our customers and partners to remove the constraints that prevent them from leveraging their data to develop business insights.  AWS Professional Services engage in a wide variety of projects for customers and partners, providing collective experience from across the AWS customer base and are obsessed about customer success. Our team collaborates across the entire AWS organization to bring access to product and service teams, to get the right solution delivered and drive feature innovation based upon customer needs.  In our Global Specialist Practice, you will also have the opportunity to create white papers, writing blogs, build demos and other reusable collateral that can be used by our customers, and, most importantly, you will work closely with our Solution Architects, Data Scientists and Service Engineering teams.  The ideal candidate will have extensive experience with design, development and operations that leverages deep knowledge in the use of services like Amazon Kinesis, Apache Kafka, Apache Spark, Amazon Sagemaker, Amazon EMR, NoSQL technologies and other 3rd parties.  Excellent business and communication skills are a must to develop and define key business questions and to build data sets that answer those questions. You should be able to work with business customers in understanding the business requirements and implementing solutions.  Inclusive Team Culture Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have thirteen employee-led affinity groups, reaching 85,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 16 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.  Work/Life Balance Our team puts a high value on work-life harmony. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here. We are a customer-obsessed organization—leaders start with the customer and work backwards. They work vigorously to earn and keep customer trust. As such, this is a customer facing role in a hybrid delivery model. Project engagements include remote delivery methods and onsite engagement that will include travel to customer locations as needed.  Mentorship & Career Growth Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded professional and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.  This is a customer facing role. You will be required to travel to client locations and deliver professional services when needed.   Masters or PhD in Computer Science, Physics, Engineering or Math. Hands on experience working on large-scale data science/data analytics projects. Ability to lead effectively across organizations. Hands-on experience with Data Analytics technologies such as AWS, Hadoop, Spark, Spark SQL, MLib or Storm/Samza. Implementing AWS services in a variety of distributed computing, enterprise environments. Proficiency with at least one the languages such as C++, Java, Scala or Python. Experience with at least one of the modern distributed Machine Learning and Deep Learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, MxNet Caffe, and Keras. Experience building large-scale machine-learning infrastructure that have been successfully delivered to customers. Experience defining system architectures and exploring technical feasibility trade-offs. 3+ years experiences developing cloud software services and an understanding of design for scalability, performance and reliability. Experience working on a code base with many contributors. Ability to prototype and evaluate applications and interaction methodologies. Experience with AWS technology stack. Written and verbal technical communication skills with an ability to present complex technical information in a clear and concise manner to a variety of audiences.  Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."
650,650,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=76485aecb40e2736&fccid=dbfa0628efe7b5d8&vjs=3,"Sr. Director of Business Insights and Data Science AvidXchange Charlotte NC, 1210 AVIDXCHANGE LN, CHARLOTTE, North Carolina, United States of America Req #3056  Monday, June 21, 2021 About AvidXchange  AvidXchange is the industry leader in automating invoice and payment processes for mid-market businesses. Founded in the year 2000, AvidXchange processes over $140 billion transactions annually across its network of more than 600,000 suppliers, transforming the way 6,000 customers in North America pay their bills. AvidXchange is distinguished as a global fintech unicorn and one of the fastest growing technology companies in the U.S. with 1,400 employees supporting customers across seven office locations. Our employees live by our core values, including “Innovate to Change the Game”, “Passion about Customer Success”, “Win as a Team”, “Play to our Strengths”, and “Have a Blast”. We are on a mission to create something different at AvidXchange. Come join the team! JOB OVERVIEW You'll be responsible for running the Business Insights & Data Science organization, supporting the growth of the company with AvidXchange’s bank and direct customer base. This person will act as the thought leader on strategy and vision for these groups. The goal of the group is to provide reporting, insights, and tools to measure effectiveness of revenue, customer delivery operations and various cost/efficiency drivers. JOB RESPONSIBILITIESLeads business insights and data science teams which deliver to all customers and operating units within AvidXchange.Be the independent driver of insights, reports and efficacy of operations and deliver across business unit and AvidXchange.Be the thought leader and resident expert in use of data science, data engineering, and insight generation that will help make the business more successful.Be the spokesperson and salesperson inside AvidXchange and outside for leveraging data to drive decisions and strategy.Define, establish, and lead a standardized data-driven operating model across companyIn partnership with SVP, get buy in from executives and other key leaders, define core KPIs for each operating unit, lead team to generate insights against those core KPIs, deliver self-service BI to empower operating units to run the business using data daily, and deliver data science solutions to optimize operating units.Analyze the competitive landscape and spot trends and opportunities that could impact our ability to build valuable insights and analytics across the organization.Create, develop, coach, and lead a high performing team.Collaborate with cross functional leaders and effectively work within the organization to improve our margin, spot new revenue opportunities, and find ways to use data and insights to improve our overall Customer Experience.Deliver analysis, tools, and report to enhance the knowledge and decision-making ability of various business departments.Be the strategic and analytical leader that supports the broader AvidXchange teams, stakeholders, and investors through your teams’ data deliverables.Identify opportunities to leverage insights, data science, and data reporting to optimize internal and external customer experiences, optimize internal operations, and help the organization scale through the use of company data as an asset. EXPERIENCE, QUALIFICATIONS & SKILLS Required Experience, Qualifications, and SkillsMinimum 10 years of experience generating insight using various sources of data and feedback from customers and stake holders. Deep knowledge of analytics, reporting tools and using statistical models and other techniques to provide business insights.Multiple years of experience with modern data platforms to deliver insights, data science, and data engineering solutionsSuperior analytical skills and insatiable business curiosity. Passionate about turning data into actionable information to drive value.Ability to be a strategic, entrepreneurial, and operational leader that is required to grow a startup into a large, thriving center for excellence within a fast-growing organization.Significant experience/expertise with best practices in insight generation, modeling and use of analytics.Exemplary business partnership, cross functional influencing skills and organizational management skills.Ability to perform effectively in a fast-paced, demanding environment.Unquestioned professional integrity.Strong written and oral communication and presentation skills.Ability to build and motivate teams to produce quality materials within tight timeframes.Ability to simultaneously manage multiple projects.  Equal Employment Opportunity Statement  AvidXchange is an equal opportunity employer. AvidXchange is committed to equal employment opportunity in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. AvidXchange will not discriminate against applicants for employment on any legally recognized basis. This includes, but is not limited to: veteran status, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, age and physical or mental disability. Other details Job Family Business Intelligence and Data Job Function Data Analytics & Business Intelligence Pay Type Salary Employment Indicator Management"
651,651,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=9e268543e8bc41d9&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"We are: Applied Intelligence, the people who love using data to tell a story. We’re also the world’s largest team of data scientists, data engineers, and experts in machine learning and AI. A great day for us? Solving big problems using the latest tech, serious brain power, and deep knowledge of just about every industry. We believe a mix of data, analytics, automation, and responsible AI can do almost anything—spark digital metamorphoses, widen the range of what humans can do, and breathe life into smart products and services. Want to join our crew of sharp analytical minds? Visit us here to find out more about Applied Intelligence. You Are: An expert Cloud data /ML engineer with an eye for AI. You want to change how the world works and lives by taking AI out of the lab and into everyday life.  The Work: Bring your deep expertise in cloud architecture / DevOps/MLOPs to analyze and recommend enterprise-grade solutions for operationalizing AI / ML analytics Develop end-to-end (Data/Dev/ML)Ops pipelines based on in-depth understanding of cloud platforms, AI lifecycle, and business problems to ensure analytics solutions are delivered efficiently, predictably, and sustainably. Prototype and demonstrate solutions for clients in customer environments. Use your judgment to craft solutions to complex problems or seek guidance as needed Develop assets, accelerators, and thought capital for your practice Stay current on new products that clients could use Be a trusted advisor to your Accenture colleagues and to your clients  Here’s What You Need: Bachelors degree or 12 years equivalent experience Minimum 2 years of software engineering experience while working in an AI / ML context alongside Data Scientists or ML Engineers Minimum 1 year of design and implementation (building, containerizing and deploying end to end automated data and ML pipelines) of cloud solutions on AWS, Azure, or GCP. Minimum 1 year of experience with Docker, Kubernetes clusters and implementing CI/CD or DevOps / MLOps solutions Bonus Points If: Certifications Preferred: Certification from any of the three major cloud platforms (AWS / Azure / GCP) in Cloud Architecture / Engineering / DevOps Experience building Data or MLOps pipelines using Python, Spark, ADF, Databricks, ML Flow or other similar cloud native services. Experience with Cloud technical architecture – that is, the design and delivery of IT systems for a broad range of clients Possess a blend of advanced analytical capabilities and consulting expertise that will create value and insights for our clients As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $84,300 - $185,399 and information on benefits offered is here. Travel For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
655,655,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0Bjic9BpODao-m9BEup4myv2yv9o6hanv70kCRpjMjSDcmmrD9YS-C3oR4_7EU-DV2ptIJf-7AP2ILLoCXoZAv4CLtZj_2YI0BYIM4NCyOmafF1znrnx37O3m1yGLTw-yAqvqX6UX_pIVCn2ufG-NJptI0uTE_bIUG9PQjCHDlpmGtZ-RumjkhtwDzFCXYVar-wehjkA5OrB0I6ySJRtX7xVJ55RaGWsX21_n7ChA__495y1ZHWj3SJstOuNZWPE3CGf09y05-h3d3S2B7MFvrjTdPFRphu6qCOPAmQBptREpPZRcAfGbvAh1T3w5tWIgtFbCh2cZ7oSioW42ufm5n1Ri2m9Hr5o5sPDLPAvDYT0L4q3TA7mbOjP9gyn36sqpfCLEo6cGFdIe_H_r9E_rymFyeM0jUk6phYpKDtUqpUK7YNmkZDoHL9OVMaad1PWppeJzfv5mAN1XGaWX17wWRxAxY6MNqHlG8D3itZ6x86L7W19tsKUgguoW59QzhQj3zxzgod8xGajchiwKD301Vox9YmBnM3k2yURTDEnQR486EJ9n8DY-vhyZoJWLHbSA3JEQU5uPscPeHXAWYycscNhVmgnTFFHOr-0lHCdPHk-qAzdu5UbxYmObp3lRzmGW7zaUQcSNizRyzcMm2wYw5nJ6kN2WPuIKAizilx4mzElLmZ8f24mcWQQdgnbk0WSX8k7xK3I5pWQO71y3qG-DMWSNVAeOirqFMLJ3AYi47WIraaRl4413c8AglKdfaUD-CcIqnUjtrAXq_LmkJvAIT4rTVhrCa_xVdc0cKJm29sW0NR5BPBsD6KNR0HcFMsdH1DkqKhbyDepHm7zv4QTi7GOhnGUMr_zPT8G5voMn47F8LTAo7nNUpJf7Yiv2ZPyv0Di0aHo5_e5Kl56dyEwHRTz9cLWEvB2wWJYhEer7CEUkrZP14yrqEd1QrHfNOkQJGMHk3WTXcjdzLin8UR1QdErnFNHiZNk_5qxLsVXA4XllRe4H4hhvImhtxcpIkVbde1_JctocbUsg==&p=6&fvj=0&vjs=3,"Immediate need for a talented Data Scientist with experience in the Utility Industry. This is a 6+ Month Contract opportunity with long-term potential and is located in Charlotte, NC. Please review the job description below,  Job ID: 21-36561  Key Responsibilities: This role will work closely with Market Strategy & Intelligence Analytics Managers and collaboratively develop financial and customer segmentation opportunity details based on insights stemming from market research.The Market Strategy & Intelligence organization is responsible for creating and maintaining a mid-tier tactical plan for the Company.As part of this responsibility, the team will create and maintain a roadmap of executable growth opportunities and risks across identified customer segments and product lines, creating a key segment level playbook for use by product development, business development, and sales functions.This role will also assist in tracking and organizing data into a comprehensive reporting database and dashboard.A candidate for this role must possess an ability to meet a variety of non-routine challenges, expertise in quantitative analysis (energy industry, customer and/or financial analysis), data science, and a working understanding of strategic analysis concepts.The team will address regulated and non-regulated opportunities in both native and non-native footprints.  Key Requirements and Technology Experience: Understanding of and ability to use analytics tools such as Excel, SQL, Power BI, and/or other commonly used tools to support analysis such as data trending and forecastingA strong command of strategic analysis concepts and demonstrated experience in financial analysis and quantitative modelingWorking knowledge of statistics and predictive modelingQuantitative experience in managing diverse, large data sets, configuring complex spreadsheets, and/or scenario analysisDemonstrated strength in communication and collaboration skillsWorking knowledge of code writing and programming  Our client is a leading Utility Industry, and we are currently interviewing to fill this and other similar contract positions. If you are interested in this position, please apply online for immediate consideration. #cha"
657,657,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=f344524275b3a951&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"Are you ready to step up to the New and take your technology expertise to the next level We are: A leading partner to the world’s major cloud providers, including AWS, Azure, and Google. The formation of Accenture Cloud First, with a $3 billion investment over three years, demonstrates our commitment to deliver greater value to our clients when they need it most. Our Cloud First multi-service group of more than 70,000 cloud professionals delivers a full stack of integrated cloud capabilities across data, edge, integrated infrastructure and applications, deep ecosystem skills, culture of change along with a deep industry expertise to shape, move, build and operate our clients’ businesses in the cloud. To accelerate our customers transformation leveraging cloud, we combine world-class learning and talent development expertise; deep experience in cloud change management; and cloud-ready operating models with a commitment to responsible business by design — with security, data privacy, responsible use of artificial intelligence, sustainability and ethics and compliance built into the fundamental changes Accenture helps companies achieve. As part of our Accenture Google Business Group in Cloud First, you will lead technology innovation for our clients through robust delivery of world-class solutions. You will build better software better! There will never be a typical day and that’s why people love it here. The opportunities to make a difference within exciting client initiatives are unlimited in the ever-changing technology landscape. You will be part of a growing network of technology experts who are highly collaborative taking on today’s biggest, most complex business challenges. We will nurture your talent in an inclusive culture that values diversity. Come grow your career in technology at Accenture! For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts.  Basic Qualification Bachelor's degree or equivalent (minimum 12 years) work experience. If Associate Degree, must have an additional minimum 6 years work experience.Possess Google Professional Data Engineer Certification.Minimum 3 years direct experience in Enterprise Data Warehouse technologiesMinimum 3 years in a customer facing role working with enterprise clientsHands on GCP Cloud data implementation projects experience (Dataflow, Cloud Composer, Big Query, Cloud Storage etc.)Experience with developing software code in one or more languages such as Java, Python and SQL.Experience designing and deploying large scale distributed data processing systems with few technologies such as Oracle, MS SQL Server, MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Cassandra, Redis, Hadoop, Spark, HBase, Netezza, Teradata, Tableau, Qlik or MicroStrategy. Preferred Skills Data migration and data processing experience on the Google Cloud stack, specifically: o BigQuery o Cloud DataFlow o Cloud DataProc o Cloud Storage o Cloud DataPrep o Cloud PubSub o Cloud Composer o Cloud BigTable o DEV Ops o Github  Previous Consulting or client service delivery experience on Google Cloud Platform (GCP).Experience in and understanding of data and information management, especially in Big Data trends.Familiarity with the Technology stack available in the industry for data cataloging, data ingestion, capture, processing and curation: Kafka, StreamSets, Attunity, Collibra, Map Reduce, Hadoop, Spark, Flume, Hive, Impala, SparkSQL Professional Skill Requirement All of our professionals receive comprehensive training covering business acumen, technical and professional skills development. You'll also have opportunities to hone your functional skills and expertise in an area of specialization. We offer a variety of formal and informal training programs at every level to help you acquire and build specialized skills faster. Learning takes place both on the job and through formal training conducted online, in the classroom, or in collaboration with teammates. The sheer variety of work we do, and the experience it offers, provide an unbeatable platform from which to build a career.  Unless expressly indicated, this role is not open in the state of Colorado. As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $43,200 - $114,499 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
658,658,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5004da9af702057e&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"Who we are: We are Accenture, a global professional services company and a leading partner to the world’s major cloud providers, including AWS, Azure, and Google. Our longstanding involvement with cloud technology (we have 34,000 completed cloud projects under our belt) was emphasized recently when we consolidated our multiple cloud teams into a single business practice called Accenture Cloud First. The organization is backed by a $3 billion investment over three years. As part of our Data & AI group, you will lead technology innovation for our clients through robust delivery of world-class solutions. There will never be a typical day and that’s why people love it here. The opportunities to make a difference within exciting client initiatives are unlimited in the ever-changing technology landscape. You will be part of a highly collaborative and growing network of technology and data experts, who are taking on today’s biggest, most complex business challenges using the latest data and analytics technologies. We will nurture your talent in an inclusive culture that values diversity. You will have an opportunity to work in roles such as Data Scientist, Data Engineer, or Chief Data Officer covering all aspects of Data including Data Management, Data Governance, Data Intelligence, Knowledge Graphs, and IoT. Come grow your career in Technology at Accenture!  What you need: 10+ years of engineering, technology architecture and delivery experience 10+ years of experience developing the strategy for and building data and analytics solutions 5+ years of experience in leading data strategy engagements involving the architecture of modern data platforms with technologies such as Big Data and Cloud 5+ years of management consulting experience Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience (minimum of 12 years), or an Associate degree with a minimum of 6 years of equivalent work experience. Bonus points if you have: Hands-on engineer with the ability to manage complex engineering projects with a “lean-in” leadership style Can speak with authority on the capabilities, strengths & weaknesses of the leading cloud platforms (Amazon Web Services, Azure, and Google Cloud). Extensive experience with enterprise data architecture for transactional systems, analytical platforms, master data management, data governance framework, data integration and large-scale data migration. Experience in DevOps Experience migrating applications and data to cloud platforms. Experience with relational and non-relational data platforms Experience with machine learning, artificial intelligence applications and Data Science development languages (R, Python, etc.). Understanding of data modeling principles, and Data Warehouse concepts (e.g., Kimball methodology for developing dimensional data models). Familiarity with data visualization and self-service BI/data warehousing/ advanced analytics tools. Methodologies for integration, data security, data governance and data sciences. As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is ($99,900-$168,499) and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
665,665,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=04147c4b1b58ea0e&fccid=3cc82e28c6738024&vjs=3,"The Company Diligent is the pioneer in modern governance. We empower leaders to turn governance into a competitive advantage through unparalleled insight and highly secure, integrated SaaS applications, helping organizations thrive and endure in today’s complex, global landscape. The largest global network of corporate directors and executives, Diligent is relied on by more than 19,000 organizations and nearly 700,000 leaders in over 90 countries. With award-winning customer service, Diligent serves more than 50% of the Fortune 1000, 70% of the FTSE 100, and 65% of the ASX. Our passionate, smart, and creative group of more than 1,000 employees support customers around the globe. Position Overview At Diligent, we are building the next big software company and all major decisions are driven by data. Since data takes such a prominent role in our success here at Diligent, we are looking for a standout analytics manager for the marketing department. As the Marketing Analytics Manager, you will be responsible for guiding Diligent’s marketing and sales decisions by crunching large data sets, analyzing results, and delivering key insights to the leadership team and the general marketing department. Key Responsibilities Be the Go-To person when it comes to data and digital analytics Work with local markets to make sure the foundation for data analysis is set-up comprehensively Implement End-to-End tracking in markets to optimize towards ROI Monitor analytics to identify actionable insights that support business decision Highlight key trends and drivers that go deeper than regular performance and KPI dashboard reporting. Be curious to interrogate data and identify hidden patterns Suggest and execute A/B tests to drive improvements - from hypothesis creation to building case studies Advocate the data-driven culture by coaching colleagues on how to make decisions from data Manage project progress and key stakeholders to ensure timely and successful delivery of projects Connecting the dots between multiple systems to create data visualizations to capture key insights to help company efficiency and growth. Spot patterns to improve our marketing and sales approach. Everything from advertising data to sales behavior data. Use available data sources to deep dive and troubleshoot campaign and overall performance issues and propose methodical optimization tests, both on-site and campaign-based. Spot potential to implement innovative methodologies and improve analytical procedures. Develop Dashboard concepts and provide metrics and reporting to drive decisions to key stakeholders. You will work very closely with the VP, Digital Marketing, and various leaders in the marketing organization; you will be supporting the entire digital marketing org, while working closely with peers on the broader analytics team Required Experience/Skills: 3-6 years of experience in the analytic field Strong experience with business intelligence tools such as Domo or Tableau along with understanding of CRM systems like Salesforce Experience in marketing systems a plus (Google analytics, Google Adwords, Marketo) Strong technical competence to perform advanced analytics: Coding skills like SQL, proficiency in Excel, experience performing analysis with large datasets You have proven success in a high growth, rapidly changing environment Strong quantitative and analytical skills A passion for problem solving Complete comfort working in a fast-paced, team oriented environment Domo certification a huge plus FLSA Status: Exempt Diligent offers a competitive compensation and benefits package, including health, vision, dental, 401k with a strong match, health club reimbursement and much more. We are a drug free workplace, and an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law."
666,666,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=cb41452f858f6ede&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries, we offer Strategy and Consulting, Interactive, Technology and Operations services—all powered by the world’s largest network of Advanced Technology and Intelligent Operations centers. Our 514,000 people deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity every day, serving clients in more than 120 countries. We embrace the power of change to create value and shared success for our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities. Visit us at www.accenture.com We are: Solutions.AI is Accenture's collection of AI solutions that are designed to unlock new efficiencies and growth, enable new ways of working, and facilitate game-changing innovation–3x faster than the typical product lifecycle. Built and delivered on the foundation of Accenture's unparalleled AI expertise, data services, IP and ecosystem partners, our scalable, modular solutions minimize time to market and maximize business impact. The next AI revolution will be built by people like you. Visit us here to find out more about Solutions.AI. You are: A data expert with serious analytical and statistical chops. You know how to take massive amounts of data and find the insights our clients need to help their companies do more. You have a deep understanding of applied behavioral insights from fields including behavioral science, psychology, and organizational development. You take a data-driven approach to designing experiments and analyzing data, with an excellent ability to communicate results to a diverse stakeholder group. The work: Develop custom models based on in-depth understanding of underlying data, data structures, and business problems to ensure analytics deliverables meet client needs Develop standard models, solutions and assets that can be used as accelerators for similar problems across clients Define and assess the behaviors required to enable the success of a client’s data strategy and enable the adoption of data analytics tools and solutions Define the challenges clients face in utilizing data and insights, while understanding and identifying explanations for the underlying patterns of behaviors that contribute and can be changed Apply human-centered design principles to understand challenges, designing and prototyping behavior change initiatives Lead the co-design and implementation of experiments focused on behavioral change, with the potential to scale and embed solutions and processes if successful Design and test new experiences which trigger behavioral change in the context of work Identify the emergence of new patterns of behavior within the organization over-time Use your judgment to craft solutions to complex problems or seek guidance as needed Report on your progress regularly in writing and face-to-face Stay up-to-date on new products that clients could use Work with peers and senior colleagues in Accenture and at client companies  Here’s what you need: Minimum 5 years demonstrated experience in the application of analytics, behavioral science, psychology, and organizational development in sophisticated and complex environments including the use of simulation and modeling tools Minimum 2 years experiences in identifying key business use cases and developing solutions/assets to drive quick pilot/implementation Minimum 3 years experience leading teams and performing data analytics and modeling with advanced languages like Python Bachelor's Degree (advanced degree preferred) or equivalent (minimum 12 years) work experience Bonus points if: You can technically lead data science projects You have client-facing experience and working with C-level executives You have experience with cloud platforms / services, big data tools, and deploying analytics as a service You have a graduate degree Important Information Travel For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts. Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture. As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $113,000 - $228,099 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
669,669,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=fdd57b77806c81d6&fccid=2df6a1e69a70a1e7&vjs=3,"Cognizant (NASDAQ: CTSH) is a leading provider of information technology, consulting, and business process outsourcing services, dedicated to helping the world's leading companies build stronger businesses. Headquartered in Teaneck, New Jersey (U.S.). Cognizant is a member of the NASDAQ-100, the S&P 500, the Forbes Global 1000, and the Fortune 500 and we are among the top performing and fastest growing companies in the world.Our strength is built on our ability to work together. Our diverse backgrounds offer different perspectives and new ways of thinking. It encourages lively discussions, inspires thought leadership, and helps us build better solutions for our clients. We want someone who thrives in this setting and is inspired to craft meaningful solutions through true collaboration.  Cloud Data Architect- Full Time *This role is not able to offer visa transfer or sponsorship now or in the future*  AIA - Artificial Intelligence and Analytics Practice  This Practice that leads all initiatives surrounding incorporating AI into Customer Intelligence, Operations Intelligence, Product Intelligence, and Fraud Insights  Location and Travel: Charlotte, NC or REMOTE  Design and architect end to end solutions on AWS .  Design, build and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture, Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements.  Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability etc.  Resolve non-functional requirements such as performance, security, maintainability, scalability, monitoring, fault tolerance and cost.  Setup DevOps for AWS.  Monitor all production issues and inquiries and provide efficient resolution. .  Cognizant is committed to veteran and military communities. Cognizant has been often recognized as a military friendly employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our business resource group Veterans Network assists our military associates in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence.  Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : May 11 2021  About Cognizant Cognizant (Nasdaq-100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant is ranked 194 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us @USJobsCognizant.  Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service. Cognizant is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you have a disability that requires a reasonable accommodation to search for a job opening or submit an application, please email CareersNA2@cognizant.com with your request and contact information."
671,671,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=730701d9c8a181ee&fccid=5bd99dfa21c8a490&vjs=3,"Job Description: This is a Data Science and Engineering role supporting a new initiative at Bank of America in Addison, TX. The Platform Engineering team will be building a single unified FOSS based ML/AI Platform for Consumer, Small Business, Wealth Management and Fraud use cases and partners. Candidate must possess a passion for producing high quality software and solutions, be ready to jump in and solve complex problems, and interact with users to understand the requirements and deliver solutions as a design-build-run engineer. Required Skills-Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Computer Science or related field-5+ years of hands-on experience in software development or data science-Strong understanding of OOP fundamentals in either Java or Python-Ensure the solution development, release and op teams have the proper tools and training for success-Collaborate with Solution Architects and technology groups to designing, developing, and maintaining software solutions-Model the segment architectures to discover patterns, bottlenecks and opportunities for increasing efficiency-Experience working on Agile teams-Excellent verbal and written communication skills Desired Skills-Must have extensive hands on experience in designing, developing, and maintaining software solutions in Big Data and Data Science Platforms. Knowledge of processing and deployment technologies such YARN, Linux and Containers-Hands on experience in designing, developing, and maintaining software frameworks using, Spark, Hadoop/MR, H2O, Jupyter, Anaconda, Python etc.-Experience building platform for E2E ML pipelines using Python, R, H2O, Tensorflow and Big Data platform: Data prep, Model Build, training models, Deployment, Scoring, Monitoring and optimization-Experience programming and building full stack solutions utilizing distributed computing and Python, Scala or Java-Experience in developing integration on Hadoop cluster with Spark framework for deploying runtime Job Band: H5 Shift: 1st shift (United States of America) Hours Per Week: 40 Weekly Schedule: Referral Bonus Amount: 0"
672,672,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=84abdda29ca2acba&fccid=fe2d21eef233e94a&vjs=3," Bachelor’s degree in a highly quantitative field (Computer Science, Machine Learning, Operational Research, Statistics, Mathematics, etc.) or equivalent professional or military experience Experience with ML fields, e.g., natural language processing, computer vision, statistical learning theory 6+ years of industry experience in predictive modeling, data science, and analysis Experience in an ML engineer or data scientist role building and deploying ML models or hands on experience developing deep learning models Experience writing code in Python, R, Scala, Java, C++ with documentation for reproducibility Experience handling terabyte size datasets, diving into data to discover hidden patterns, using data visualization tools, writing SQL, and working with GPUs to develop models Experience writing and speaking about technical concepts to business, technical, and lay audiences and giving data-driven presentations  Want to help the largest global enterprises derive business value through the adoption of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML)? Excited by using massive amounts of disparate data to develop ML models? Eager to learn to apply ML to a diverse array of enterprise use cases? Thrilled to be a part of Amazon who has been pioneering and shaping the world’s AI/ML technology for decades?  At Amazon Web Services (AWS), we are helping large enterprises build ML models on the AWS Cloud. We are applying predictive technology to large volumes of data and against a wide spectrum of problems. AWS Professional Services works together with AWS customers to address their business needs using AI solutions.  AWS Professional Services is a unique consulting team. We pride ourselves on being customer obsessed and highly focused on the AI enablement of our customers. If you have experience with AI, including building ML models, we’d like to have you join our team. You will get to work with an innovative company, with great teammates, and have a lot of fun helping our customers. A successful candidate will be a person who enjoys diving deep into data, doing analysis, discovering root causes, and designing long-term solutions.  Inclusive Team Culture Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have thirteen employee-led affinity groups, reaching 85,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 16 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.  Work/Life Balance Our team puts a high value on work-life harmony. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here. We are a customer-obsessed organization—leaders start with the customer and work backwards. They work vigorously to earn and keep customer trust. As such, this is a customer facing role in a hybrid delivery model. Project engagements include remote delivery methods and onsite engagement that will include travel to customer locations as needed.  Mentorship & Career Growth Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded professional and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.  This is a customer-facing role and you will be required to travel to client locations and deliver professional services as needed.  Major responsibilities include:  Assist customers by being able to deliver a ML project from beginning to end, including understanding the business need, aggregating data, exploring data, building & validating predictive models, and deploying completed models with concept-drift monitoring and retraining to deliver business impact to the organization Use AWS AI services (e.g., Personalize), ML platforms (SageMaker), and frameworks (e.g., MXNet, TensorFlow, PyTorch, SparkML, scikit-learn) to help our customers build ML models Research and implement novel ML approaches, including hardware optimizations on platforms such as AWS Inferentia Work with our other Professional Services consultants (Big Data, IoT, HPC) to analyze, extract, normalize, and label relevant data, and with our Professional Services engineers to operationalize customers’ models after they are prototyped Master’s degree of PhD in a highly quantitative field (Computer Science, Machine Learning, Operational Research, Statistics, Mathematics, etc.) Ability to develop strategic, baselined, data modeling processes; ability to accurately determine cause-and-effect relationships. Publications or presentations in recognized ML journals or conferences Deep technical skills, consulting experience, and business savvy to interface with all levels and disciplines within our customers’ organization Demonstrable track record of dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment  Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."
673,673,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=e44c6c17f7ea2f3b&fccid=5bd99dfa21c8a490&vjs=3,"Job Description: The NFRR Center Program Management Office is accountable for ensuring change adherence to the enterprise change policy during the onboarding of new and existing reports from the front line unit or control function to the NFRR Center. A Senior Data Analyst is responsible for ensuring NFRR products and services are serviceable and valuable to users. Key responsibilities include working with users and development teams to ensure the onboarding process, including key data and business requirements are fit for purpose, defining and monitoring the processes and controls that adhere to EDM Standards, and helping to triage and remediate data incidents, and ensure onboarding activities are completed on time, on budget and reports are accurate and complete. A Senior Data Analyst is an individual contributor at a program level. Flexible skill set is required across project management and business analysis to allow for proper utilization of resources across a large, diverse portfolio of work. May performs data analysis and helps construct reports to answer business questions and reveal business insights. Guides changes to report processes, business requirements and data transformation logic. Works with business partners to define business and data requirements for onboarding. Contributes to the definition and maintenance of the data dictionary on new reports as needed. Conducts production parallel reconciliation and may support user acceptance testing on report changes. Aligns and monitors key performance indicators and internal controls related to program/project execution. Other duties as assigned. Required Skills: 5+ years of relevant experience delivering large projects with significant impact to multiple lines of business, that may have cross-functional or inter-departmental implications Experience in managing large transformational data-driven projects in Global Markets space and working knowledge of securities & derivatives domain Experience driving/supporting multiple projects simultaneously Applies all aspects of program/project management: resource planning, work breakdown, risk/issue management, financial management, implementation planning, testing, training/communication, etc. Must be able to translate plans/policies into specific goals, tactics, action plans and deliverables Able to interpret and effectively document business and technical requirements Strong analytical skills with ability to analyze data and identify trends Ability to communicate clearly (written and verbal) and navigate at all levels in the organization with the detail appropriate to the forum and audience Ability to effectively navigate a highly matrixed organization Ability to navigate ambiguity Highly organized with critical thinking abilities at both the strategic and tactical levels Understanding of Lean-Agile frameworks in general, but an especially deep grasp of the Scaled Agile Framework, JIRA, Confluence, Horizon Excellent facilitation / presentation skills, experience with large groups and senior leadership Ability to connect business outcomes with operational and technological considerations Insight to identify gaps and execution risks and escalate as appropriate Ability to understand, interpret and track meaningful metrics Strong sense of urgency May also serve as a practice subject-matter expert, consultant or coach. Executive reporting skills Proficient in Microsoft Office (Outlook, Word, EXCEL, PowerPoint, Visio and MS Project) Experience with Bank of America key tools – PPRT, PCM, Changescape, Horizon, JIRA, Confluence Engage in ad-hoc data projects varying in scope and priority Candidate must aptly manage day-to-day interactions and relationships with a diverse group of colleagues across multiple time zones Desired Skills: Six sigma certification and/or operational excellence experience Experience with regulatory efforts/risk and compliance/GBAM Experience migrating processes - transferring to new teams or taking processes on/offshore Experience with regulatory or operational risk management Familiarity with Enterprise Report Registry, PRC/ORCIT, RCSA process, Metrics/Key Controls Job Band: H5 Shift: 1st shift (United States of America) Hours Per Week: 40 Weekly Schedule: Referral Bonus Amount: 0"
676,676,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=655e065d25171f6f&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"We are a leading partner to the world’s major cloud providers. The formation of Accenture Cloud First, with a $3 billion investment over three years, demonstrates our commitment to deliver greater value to our clients when they need it most. Our Cloud First multi-service group of more than 70,000 cloud professionals delivers a full stack of integrated cloud capabilities like data, edge, integrated infrastructure and applications, deep ecosystem skills, culture of change along with pre-configured industry solutions to shape, move, build and operate our clients’ businesses in the cloud. We combine world-class learning and talent development expertise; deep experience in cloud change management; and cloud-ready operating models with a commitment to responsible business by design — with security, data privacy, responsible use of artificial intelligence, sustainability and ethics and compliance built into the fundamental changes Accenture helps companies achieve.  Are you ready to step up to the New and take your technology expertise to the next level Accenture is looking for passionate and customer obsessed AWS cloud full stack developers to join our AWS Practice. You will help drive innovation, build differentiated solutions, and define new customer experiences for our customers (and customers, customers). You’ll work with smart people across our industry specialist organizations, and technology groups to help our customers get the most out of AWS in their cloud journey.  The AWS Practice within is home to our deepest AWS experts and supports Accenture’s more than 1,500 certified AWS architects across the company. Join our team and be among Accenture’s most talented AWS practitioners, our AWS SWAT team. The group is responsible for Accenture’s most complex AWS projects and provides our delivery capability for the Accenture AWS Business Group (AABG). AABG is the deepest relationship Amazon Web Services has with any partner in the ecosystem. Choosing Accenture and the AWS Practice will take your AWS experience and skills to the next level and allow you to work in an innovative and collaborative environment. At Accenture, you can lead the world’s largest enterprises on the path to native cloud transformation and serverless, on the leading edge of cloud.  Join Accenture and help transform leading organizations and communities around the world. The sheer scale of our capabilities and client engagements and the way we collaborate, operate and deliver value provides an unparalleled opportunity to grow and advance. Choose Accenture and make delivering innovative work part of your extraordinary career.  Learn more about our AWS careers here: AWS cloud careers page  You are: A motivated, inquisitive developer. You enjoy using your development skills to deliver innovative solutions that help our clients improve the services they provide. Driven by curiosity, you explore how new technologies can be applied to solve challenging business problems. You thrive in a collaborative, creative and productive team environment where ideas are freely exchanged, and innovative concepts evolve into practical solutions.  The work: Design and Implement AWS architectures and environments Design Native Cloud Application Architectures or optimize applications for AWS Collaborating within a project team to solve complex problems  Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts.  Basic Qualifications - At least 3- 5 years of Consulting or client service delivery experience on Amazon AWS (AWS) - At least 3- 5 years of experience in developing data ingestion, data processing and analytical pipelines for big data, relational databases, NoSQL and data warehouse solutions Extensive experience providing practical direction within the AWS Native and HadoopExperience with private and public cloud architectures, pros/cons, and migration considerations.Minimum of 5 years of hands-on experience in AWS and Big Data technologies such as Java, Node.js, C##, Python, SQL, EC2, S3, Lambda, Spark/SparkSQL, Hive/MR, Pig, Oozie and streaming technologies such as Kafka, Kinesis, NiFI etc.3-5+ years of hands on experience in programming languages such as Java, c#, node.js, python, pyspark, spark, SQL, Unix shell/Perl scripting etc.Experience working with DevOps tools such as GitLabs, Jenkins, CodeBuild, CoePipeline CodeDeploy, etc.Bachelors or higher degree in Computer Science or a related discipline. Must have at least one AWS Certification § Certified AWS Developer - Associate § Certified AWS DevOps – Professional § Certified AWS Big Data Specialty  Nice-to-Have Skills/Qualifications: DevOps on an AWS platform. Multi-cloud experience a plus.Experience developing and deploying ETL solutions on AWS using tools like Talend, Informatica, MatillionStrong in Java, C##, Spark, PySpark, Unix shell/Perl scriptingIoT, event-driven, microservices, containers/Kubernetes in the cloud  As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $43,200 - $114,499 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
677,677,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=975adf531dba07c7&fccid=03d1cab2c90ea3c2&vjs=3,"Build a better career with MSC. Serving customer and community starts with the very best people doing their very best work. That is precisely what we have at MSC Industrial Supply Co., a leading North American distributor of metalworking and maintenance, repair, and operations (MRO) products and services. Watch HERE to find out why you should work at MSC and join us as we continue to build a diverse and inclusive workplace. Requisition ID : 5550 Employment Type : Full Time Job Category : Information Technology Work Location : Davidson, NC (CSC) State or Province : North Carolina (US-NC) Potential Work Location : United States : North Carolina : Davidson   JOB TITLE: Sr. Data Scientist-REMOTE OPPORTUNITY  BRIEF POSITION SUMMARY: At MSC, we are growing our Analytics team and investing in forward-thinking BI and Data Analytics solutions. As we build out the team, we are looking for a smart and innovative leader who is self-sufficient and thrives in ambiguity, has experience in Analytics, and can drive results across MSC bridging business and technical areas. This is an opportunity to be a part of a special milestone, help us build the future of Analytics at MSC, and ignite a data-driven culture. The Data Scientist will identify business problems and solves them by using various numerical techniques, algorithms, and models in Statistical Modeling, Machine Learning, Operations Research, and Data Mining. With the opportunity to work on a broad spectrum of areas where our business partners need support to leverage data in a meaningful way to mitigate risk, reduce costs, and identify or create new growth opportunities such as Customer Churn, Upsell/Crosssell, Equipment Failure Prediction, Operational Tools Automation, Demand Forecasting, Alert Optimization, Supply Chain Optimization, Inventory & Capacity Planning, Process Design & Optimization, and Financial Modeling. This role is responsible for architecting and building pragmatic, scalable, and statistically rigorous solutions for focused business problems by leveraging or developing state-of-the-art statistical and machine learning methodologies on top of MSC's growing data ecosystem. Data Scientists also need communication skills to work across departments to understand what business leaders want to learn/gain from the company’s data assets. Additionally, this role will have direct reports in their squad consisting of on and offshore team members.  DUTIES and RESPONSIBILITIES: Provides technical leadership and guidance in advanced analytics solutions as well as: o Partner swith internal stakeholders on projects to identify and articulate opportunities, see beyond the data to identify solutions that will raise the bar for decision making. o Collaborates with cross-functional data and product teams across business applications to access and manipulate data, explain data gathering requirements, make recommendations, display results, and build efficient and scalable analytics solutions. o Analysis of operational data and user behavior to improve overall business performance. o Defines, computes, tracks, and continuously validate business metrics with diagnostic, predictive, prescriptive analytics. o Architects, builds and maintains data driven machine learning models, experiments, forecasting algorithms, and optimization models. o Mentors others as needed on best practices for design and implementation of cutting-edge analytics solutions. o Communicates final recommendations and drive decision making. Stays current with latest cloud technologies, patterns, and methodologies; share knowledge by clearly articulating results and ideas to key stakeholders. May be required to present ideas to larger audience for review and buy-in.Drives the MSC Culture in the department and throughout the company to ensure fulfillment of MSC’s vision and unity of purpose.Participation in special projects and performs additional duties as required  INDICATES ESSENTIAL DUTIES To perform this job successfully an associate must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of knowledge, experience level and abilities required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential duties.  EDUCATION and EXPERIENCE: Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field such as Data Science, Computer Science, Quantitative Finance, Math, Statistics, Physics or a related Engineering degree required. Master’s degree preferred. Minimum five years of experience in building models and developing algorithms for machine learning, statistics, mathematical programming, and simulation in industry and/or academia required. Minimum five years of experience in managing and analyzing large-scale structured and unstructured data using R or Python required. Minimum three years of experience in SQL in big data environments (i.e. Hadoop) and data modeling required. Experience with scientific computing and analysis packages such as NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, dplyr, or ggplot2 required. Experience with data visualization libraries such as D3, Matplotlib, Pyplot, ggplot2 required. Experience with Machine Learning, Statistics, or other data analysis tools and techniques required. Experience with statistics methods such as forecasting, time series, hypothesis testing, classification, clustering or regression analysis required. Experience writing testable code and shipping code into production required. Experience with DevOps process (exposure to GitHub, Jenkins or other CI/CD tools) required. Experience with machine learning libraries and packages such as PyTorch, Caffe2, TensorFlow, Keras or Theano preferred.  SKILLS: Strong Knowledge about Agile techniques: User Stories, Continuous Integration, Test Driven Development, Continuous Testing, Pairing, Automated Testing, Burn Down Metrics, Velocity etc. Strong knowledge of software development processes and procedures to understand team needs includes fundamentals of iterative and incremental development Knowledge of deep learning research. Familiarity with object-oriented programming languages (such as C++ or Java) and visualization tools from at least one toolset (e.g. Tableau, MicroStrategy,, Looker, SAS, Power BI, etc.)  OTHER REQUIREMENTS: A valid driver’s license and the ability to travel up to 15% of the time may be required.  Compensation commensurate with experience  Benefits may include: paid time away including holidays and parental leave, medical and dental plans, retirement savings plans with company-match, disability and life insurance, tuition reimbursement program, recognition and service award programs, wellness and workplace flexibility programs, stock purchase plan, and product discounts (Benefits may vary by location).”  Why MSC People. Collaboration. Insight. That’s how you build something that works. Built on a foundation of trust, MSC works side by side with our customers to help them drive business results. With more than one million product offerings and 75+ years of experience across industries, MSC strives to help our customers achieve greater productivity, profitability, and growth through inventory management and other innovative supply chain solutions.  We care about our associates and have programs in place to help our 6,500+ team members achieve their potential. When you join our team, you will receive rewards and recognition for your contributions, training and professional development opportunities, as well as a variety of benefits to support you and your family's health, well-being, and financial future.  If you are inspired to learn, take risks, and succeed as a team, you can build a better career at MSC.  Equal Opportunity Statement At MSC, we are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all qualified applicants and our associates without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression or any category protected by applicable law."
687,687,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=e44c6c17f7ea2f3b&fccid=5bd99dfa21c8a490&vjs=3,"Job Description: The NFRR Center Program Management Office is accountable for ensuring change adherence to the enterprise change policy during the onboarding of new and existing reports from the front line unit or control function to the NFRR Center. A Senior Data Analyst is responsible for ensuring NFRR products and services are serviceable and valuable to users. Key responsibilities include working with users and development teams to ensure the onboarding process, including key data and business requirements are fit for purpose, defining and monitoring the processes and controls that adhere to EDM Standards, and helping to triage and remediate data incidents, and ensure onboarding activities are completed on time, on budget and reports are accurate and complete. A Senior Data Analyst is an individual contributor at a program level. Flexible skill set is required across project management and business analysis to allow for proper utilization of resources across a large, diverse portfolio of work. May performs data analysis and helps construct reports to answer business questions and reveal business insights. Guides changes to report processes, business requirements and data transformation logic. Works with business partners to define business and data requirements for onboarding. Contributes to the definition and maintenance of the data dictionary on new reports as needed. Conducts production parallel reconciliation and may support user acceptance testing on report changes. Aligns and monitors key performance indicators and internal controls related to program/project execution. Other duties as assigned. Required Skills: 5+ years of relevant experience delivering large projects with significant impact to multiple lines of business, that may have cross-functional or inter-departmental implications Experience in managing large transformational data-driven projects in Global Markets space and working knowledge of securities & derivatives domain Experience driving/supporting multiple projects simultaneously Applies all aspects of program/project management: resource planning, work breakdown, risk/issue management, financial management, implementation planning, testing, training/communication, etc. Must be able to translate plans/policies into specific goals, tactics, action plans and deliverables Able to interpret and effectively document business and technical requirements Strong analytical skills with ability to analyze data and identify trends Ability to communicate clearly (written and verbal) and navigate at all levels in the organization with the detail appropriate to the forum and audience Ability to effectively navigate a highly matrixed organization Ability to navigate ambiguity Highly organized with critical thinking abilities at both the strategic and tactical levels Understanding of Lean-Agile frameworks in general, but an especially deep grasp of the Scaled Agile Framework, JIRA, Confluence, Horizon Excellent facilitation / presentation skills, experience with large groups and senior leadership Ability to connect business outcomes with operational and technological considerations Insight to identify gaps and execution risks and escalate as appropriate Ability to understand, interpret and track meaningful metrics Strong sense of urgency May also serve as a practice subject-matter expert, consultant or coach. Executive reporting skills Proficient in Microsoft Office (Outlook, Word, EXCEL, PowerPoint, Visio and MS Project) Experience with Bank of America key tools – PPRT, PCM, Changescape, Horizon, JIRA, Confluence Engage in ad-hoc data projects varying in scope and priority Candidate must aptly manage day-to-day interactions and relationships with a diverse group of colleagues across multiple time zones Desired Skills: Six sigma certification and/or operational excellence experience Experience with regulatory efforts/risk and compliance/GBAM Experience migrating processes - transferring to new teams or taking processes on/offshore Experience with regulatory or operational risk management Familiarity with Enterprise Report Registry, PRC/ORCIT, RCSA process, Metrics/Key Controls Job Band: H5 Shift: 1st shift (United States of America) Hours Per Week: 40 Weekly Schedule: Referral Bonus Amount: 0"
690,690,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=655e065d25171f6f&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"We are a leading partner to the world’s major cloud providers. The formation of Accenture Cloud First, with a $3 billion investment over three years, demonstrates our commitment to deliver greater value to our clients when they need it most. Our Cloud First multi-service group of more than 70,000 cloud professionals delivers a full stack of integrated cloud capabilities like data, edge, integrated infrastructure and applications, deep ecosystem skills, culture of change along with pre-configured industry solutions to shape, move, build and operate our clients’ businesses in the cloud. We combine world-class learning and talent development expertise; deep experience in cloud change management; and cloud-ready operating models with a commitment to responsible business by design — with security, data privacy, responsible use of artificial intelligence, sustainability and ethics and compliance built into the fundamental changes Accenture helps companies achieve.  Are you ready to step up to the New and take your technology expertise to the next level Accenture is looking for passionate and customer obsessed AWS cloud full stack developers to join our AWS Practice. You will help drive innovation, build differentiated solutions, and define new customer experiences for our customers (and customers, customers). You’ll work with smart people across our industry specialist organizations, and technology groups to help our customers get the most out of AWS in their cloud journey.  The AWS Practice within is home to our deepest AWS experts and supports Accenture’s more than 1,500 certified AWS architects across the company. Join our team and be among Accenture’s most talented AWS practitioners, our AWS SWAT team. The group is responsible for Accenture’s most complex AWS projects and provides our delivery capability for the Accenture AWS Business Group (AABG). AABG is the deepest relationship Amazon Web Services has with any partner in the ecosystem. Choosing Accenture and the AWS Practice will take your AWS experience and skills to the next level and allow you to work in an innovative and collaborative environment. At Accenture, you can lead the world’s largest enterprises on the path to native cloud transformation and serverless, on the leading edge of cloud.  Join Accenture and help transform leading organizations and communities around the world. The sheer scale of our capabilities and client engagements and the way we collaborate, operate and deliver value provides an unparalleled opportunity to grow and advance. Choose Accenture and make delivering innovative work part of your extraordinary career.  Learn more about our AWS careers here: AWS cloud careers page  You are: A motivated, inquisitive developer. You enjoy using your development skills to deliver innovative solutions that help our clients improve the services they provide. Driven by curiosity, you explore how new technologies can be applied to solve challenging business problems. You thrive in a collaborative, creative and productive team environment where ideas are freely exchanged, and innovative concepts evolve into practical solutions.  The work: Design and Implement AWS architectures and environments Design Native Cloud Application Architectures or optimize applications for AWS Collaborating within a project team to solve complex problems  Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts.  Basic Qualifications - At least 3- 5 years of Consulting or client service delivery experience on Amazon AWS (AWS) - At least 3- 5 years of experience in developing data ingestion, data processing and analytical pipelines for big data, relational databases, NoSQL and data warehouse solutions Extensive experience providing practical direction within the AWS Native and HadoopExperience with private and public cloud architectures, pros/cons, and migration considerations.Minimum of 5 years of hands-on experience in AWS and Big Data technologies such as Java, Node.js, C##, Python, SQL, EC2, S3, Lambda, Spark/SparkSQL, Hive/MR, Pig, Oozie and streaming technologies such as Kafka, Kinesis, NiFI etc.3-5+ years of hands on experience in programming languages such as Java, c#, node.js, python, pyspark, spark, SQL, Unix shell/Perl scripting etc.Experience working with DevOps tools such as GitLabs, Jenkins, CodeBuild, CoePipeline CodeDeploy, etc.Bachelors or higher degree in Computer Science or a related discipline. Must have at least one AWS Certification § Certified AWS Developer - Associate § Certified AWS DevOps – Professional § Certified AWS Big Data Specialty  Nice-to-Have Skills/Qualifications: DevOps on an AWS platform. Multi-cloud experience a plus.Experience developing and deploying ETL solutions on AWS using tools like Talend, Informatica, MatillionStrong in Java, C##, Spark, PySpark, Unix shell/Perl scriptingIoT, event-driven, microservices, containers/Kubernetes in the cloud  As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $43,200 - $114,499 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
691,691,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=975adf531dba07c7&fccid=03d1cab2c90ea3c2&vjs=3,"Build a better career with MSC. Serving customer and community starts with the very best people doing their very best work. That is precisely what we have at MSC Industrial Supply Co., a leading North American distributor of metalworking and maintenance, repair, and operations (MRO) products and services. Watch HERE to find out why you should work at MSC and join us as we continue to build a diverse and inclusive workplace. Requisition ID : 5550 Employment Type : Full Time Job Category : Information Technology Work Location : Davidson, NC (CSC) State or Province : North Carolina (US-NC) Potential Work Location : United States : North Carolina : Davidson   JOB TITLE: Sr. Data Scientist-REMOTE OPPORTUNITY  BRIEF POSITION SUMMARY: At MSC, we are growing our Analytics team and investing in forward-thinking BI and Data Analytics solutions. As we build out the team, we are looking for a smart and innovative leader who is self-sufficient and thrives in ambiguity, has experience in Analytics, and can drive results across MSC bridging business and technical areas. This is an opportunity to be a part of a special milestone, help us build the future of Analytics at MSC, and ignite a data-driven culture. The Data Scientist will identify business problems and solves them by using various numerical techniques, algorithms, and models in Statistical Modeling, Machine Learning, Operations Research, and Data Mining. With the opportunity to work on a broad spectrum of areas where our business partners need support to leverage data in a meaningful way to mitigate risk, reduce costs, and identify or create new growth opportunities such as Customer Churn, Upsell/Crosssell, Equipment Failure Prediction, Operational Tools Automation, Demand Forecasting, Alert Optimization, Supply Chain Optimization, Inventory & Capacity Planning, Process Design & Optimization, and Financial Modeling. This role is responsible for architecting and building pragmatic, scalable, and statistically rigorous solutions for focused business problems by leveraging or developing state-of-the-art statistical and machine learning methodologies on top of MSC's growing data ecosystem. Data Scientists also need communication skills to work across departments to understand what business leaders want to learn/gain from the company’s data assets. Additionally, this role will have direct reports in their squad consisting of on and offshore team members.  DUTIES and RESPONSIBILITIES: Provides technical leadership and guidance in advanced analytics solutions as well as: o Partner swith internal stakeholders on projects to identify and articulate opportunities, see beyond the data to identify solutions that will raise the bar for decision making. o Collaborates with cross-functional data and product teams across business applications to access and manipulate data, explain data gathering requirements, make recommendations, display results, and build efficient and scalable analytics solutions. o Analysis of operational data and user behavior to improve overall business performance. o Defines, computes, tracks, and continuously validate business metrics with diagnostic, predictive, prescriptive analytics. o Architects, builds and maintains data driven machine learning models, experiments, forecasting algorithms, and optimization models. o Mentors others as needed on best practices for design and implementation of cutting-edge analytics solutions. o Communicates final recommendations and drive decision making. Stays current with latest cloud technologies, patterns, and methodologies; share knowledge by clearly articulating results and ideas to key stakeholders. May be required to present ideas to larger audience for review and buy-in.Drives the MSC Culture in the department and throughout the company to ensure fulfillment of MSC’s vision and unity of purpose.Participation in special projects and performs additional duties as required  INDICATES ESSENTIAL DUTIES To perform this job successfully an associate must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of knowledge, experience level and abilities required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential duties.  EDUCATION and EXPERIENCE: Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field such as Data Science, Computer Science, Quantitative Finance, Math, Statistics, Physics or a related Engineering degree required. Master’s degree preferred. Minimum five years of experience in building models and developing algorithms for machine learning, statistics, mathematical programming, and simulation in industry and/or academia required. Minimum five years of experience in managing and analyzing large-scale structured and unstructured data using R or Python required. Minimum three years of experience in SQL in big data environments (i.e. Hadoop) and data modeling required. Experience with scientific computing and analysis packages such as NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, dplyr, or ggplot2 required. Experience with data visualization libraries such as D3, Matplotlib, Pyplot, ggplot2 required. Experience with Machine Learning, Statistics, or other data analysis tools and techniques required. Experience with statistics methods such as forecasting, time series, hypothesis testing, classification, clustering or regression analysis required. Experience writing testable code and shipping code into production required. Experience with DevOps process (exposure to GitHub, Jenkins or other CI/CD tools) required. Experience with machine learning libraries and packages such as PyTorch, Caffe2, TensorFlow, Keras or Theano preferred.  SKILLS: Strong Knowledge about Agile techniques: User Stories, Continuous Integration, Test Driven Development, Continuous Testing, Pairing, Automated Testing, Burn Down Metrics, Velocity etc. Strong knowledge of software development processes and procedures to understand team needs includes fundamentals of iterative and incremental development Knowledge of deep learning research. Familiarity with object-oriented programming languages (such as C++ or Java) and visualization tools from at least one toolset (e.g. Tableau, MicroStrategy,, Looker, SAS, Power BI, etc.)  OTHER REQUIREMENTS: A valid driver’s license and the ability to travel up to 15% of the time may be required.  Compensation commensurate with experience  Benefits may include: paid time away including holidays and parental leave, medical and dental plans, retirement savings plans with company-match, disability and life insurance, tuition reimbursement program, recognition and service award programs, wellness and workplace flexibility programs, stock purchase plan, and product discounts (Benefits may vary by location).”  Why MSC People. Collaboration. Insight. That’s how you build something that works. Built on a foundation of trust, MSC works side by side with our customers to help them drive business results. With more than one million product offerings and 75+ years of experience across industries, MSC strives to help our customers achieve greater productivity, profitability, and growth through inventory management and other innovative supply chain solutions.  We care about our associates and have programs in place to help our 6,500+ team members achieve their potential. When you join our team, you will receive rewards and recognition for your contributions, training and professional development opportunities, as well as a variety of benefits to support you and your family's health, well-being, and financial future.  If you are inspired to learn, take risks, and succeed as a team, you can build a better career at MSC.  Equal Opportunity Statement At MSC, we are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all qualified applicants and our associates without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression or any category protected by applicable law."
693,693,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=be8686a6c7a7fa6e&fccid=402f23c7b01ca527&vjs=3,"Job Summary: The primary purpose of this role is to translate business requirements and functional specifications into logical program designs and to deliver modules, stable application systems, and Data or Platform solutions. This includes developing, configuring, or modifying integrated business and/or enterprise infrastructure or application solutions within various computing environments. This role facilitates the implementation and maintenance of business and enterprise Data or Platform solutions to ensure successful deployment of released applications.  Key Responsibilities: Translates business requirements and specifications into logical program designs, modules, stable application systems, and data solutions with occasional guidance from senior colleagues; partners with Product Team to understand business needs and functional specifications Develops, configures, or modifies integrated business and/or enterprise application solutions within various computing environments by designing and coding component-based applications using various programming languages Conducts the implementation and maintenance of complex business and enterprise data solutions to ensure successful deployment of released applications Supports systems integration testing (SIT) and user acceptance testing (UAT), provides insight into defining test plans, and ensures quality software deployment Participates in the end-to-end product lifecycle by applying and sharing an in-depth understanding of company and industry methodologies, policies, standards, and controls Understands Computer Science and/or Computer Engineering fundamentals; knows software architecture and readily applies this to Data or Platform solutions Automates and simplifies team development, test, and operations processes; develops conceptual, logical and physical architectures consisting of one or more viewpoints (business, application, data, and infrastructure) required for business solution delivery Solves difficult technical problems; solutions are testable, maintainable, and efficient  Data Engineering Responsibilities Supports the build, maintenance and enhancements of data lake development; supports simple to medium complexity API, unstructured data parsing and streaming data ingestion Excels in one more domain; understands pipelines and business metrics Builds, tests and enhances data curation pipelines integration data from a wide variety of sources like DBMS, File systems and APIs for various KPIs and metrics development with high data quality and integrity Supports the development of feature / inputs for data models in an Agile manner Works with Data Science team to understand mathematical models and algorithms; participates in continuous improvement activities including training opportunities; continuously strives to learn analytic best practices and apply them to daily activities Handles data manipulation (extract, load, transform), data visualization, and administration of data and systems securely and in accordance with enterprise data governance standards Maintains the health and monitoring of assigned analytic capabilities for a specific data engineering solution; ensures high availability of the platform; monitors workload demands; works with Technology Job Description Page 2 of 3 Infrastructure Engineering teams to maintain the data platform; serves as an SME of one or more application   Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Computer Science, CIS, or related field (or equivalent work experience in a related field) 2 years of experience in Data, BI or Platform Engineering, Data Warehousing/ETL, or Software Engineering 1 year of experience working on project(s) involving the implementation of solutions applying development life cycles (SDLC)  Data Engineering Qualifications: 2 years of experience in Hadoop or any Cloud Bigdata components Expertise in Java/Scala/Python, SQL, Scripting, Teradata, Hadoop (Sqoop, Hive, Pig, Map Reduce), Spark (Spark Streaming, MLib), Kafka or equivalent Cloud Bigdata components  Preferred Qualifications: In most cases Lowe’s will not be able to provide sponsorship for roles located in the Tech Hub Master's degree in Computer Science, CIS, or related field 2 years of IT experience developing and implementing business systems within an organization 4 years of experience working with defect or incident tracking software 4 years of experience with technical documentation in a software development environment 2 years of experience working with an IT Infrastructure Library (ITIL) framework 2 years of experience leading teams, with or without direct reports Experience with application and integration middleware Experience with database technologies  About Lowe’s: Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (NYSE: LOW) is a FORTUNE® 50 home improvement company serving approximately 20 million customers a week in the United States and Canada. With fiscal year 2020 sales of nearly $90 billion, Lowe’s and its related businesses operate or service more than 2,200 home improvement and hardware stores and employ over 300,000 associates. Based in Mooresville, N.C., Lowe’s supports the communities it serves through programs focused on creating safe, affordable housing and helping to develop the next generation of skilled trade experts. For more information, visit Lowes.com.  About Lowe’s in the Community:  As a FORTUNE® 50 home improvement company, Lowe’s is committed to creating safe, affordable housing and helping to develop the next generation of skilled trade experts through nonprofit partnerships. Across every community we serve, Lowe’s associates donate their time and expertise through the Lowe’s Heroes volunteer program. For the latest news, visit Newsroom.Lowes.com or follow @LowesMedia on Twitter.  Lowe’s is an equal opportunity employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religious creed, sex, gender, age, ancestry, national origin, mental or physical disability or medical condition, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, military or veteran status, genetic information, or any other category protected under federal, state, or local law."
694,694,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8250cc75fe0383e6&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"We are: Applied Intelligence, the people who love using data to tell a story. We’re also the world’s largest team of data scientists, data engineers, and experts in machine learning and AI. A great day for us Solving big problems using the latest tech, serious brain power, and deep knowledge of just about every industry. We believe a mix of data, analytics, automation, and responsible AI can do almost anything—spark digital metamorphoses, widen the range of what humans can do, and breathe life into smart products and services. Want to join our crew of sharp analytical minds Visit us here to find out more about Applied Intelligence. You are: A data pro with serious analytical and statistical chops. You know how to take massive amounts of data and find the insights our clients need to help their companies do more. The work: Use statistics, data mining, Machine Learning, and deep learning techniques to deliver data-driven insights for our clientsApply data science methodologies to deliver insights to clientsWork with Accenture teams and clients to understand their challenges and create solutionsFacilitate the development of “request for proposals” responses and contract developmentBe a thought leader for your team on projects and about leading technologiesStay on top of AI trends  Here’s what you need: At least 3 years’ working in data science using statisticsAt least 2 years’ developing Machine Learning methodsAt least 2 years’ experience with techniques like clustering, regression, and optimizationAt least 2 years’ working with data science tools like Python, R, Scala, Julia, or SASA Bachelor’s degree in data science and related disciplines like mathematics, statistics, computer science, physics, or related fields Bonus points if: You have a Master’s degree in statistics, econometrics, mathematics, or statisticsData science is your passion and you’re creative and forward thinkingExperience with unsupervised learning methodologiesYou know your way around cloud services like AWS, Google and Azure and big data tools like Hadoop, Hive and SparkYou have know-how in AI, machine learning, data science, and other related areasYour consulting experience matches your analytical chopsPossess a blend of advanced analytical capabilities and consulting expertise that will create value and insights for our clientsAbility to work across industries and with cross-functional organizations do. As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $84,300 - $1,85,400 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
695,695,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=e7110f0d271d07e8&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"Who We Are A leading partner to the world’s major cloud providers, including AWS, Azure, and Google. The formation of Accenture Cloud First, with a $3 billion investment over three years, demonstrates our commitment to deliver greater value to our clients when they need it most and offers huge growth opportunities for you! Our Cloud First group of more than 70,000 cloud professionals delivers a full stack of integrated cloud capabilities across data, edge, integrated infrastructure and applications, deep ecosystem skills, culture of change along with a deep industry expertise to shape, move, build and operate our clients’ businesses in the cloud. To accelerate our customers transformation leveraging cloud, we combine world-class learning and talent development expertise; deep experience in cloud change management; and cloud-ready operating models with a commitment to responsible business by design — with security, data privacy, responsible use of artificial intelligence, sustainability and ethics and compliance built into the fundamental changes Accenture helps companies achieve. We are excited about the opportunities in the Cloud – and hope you are too! Learn more about why Accenture’s Google Cloud Business Group was named the 2019 Apigee Global SI Partner of the Year. What’s In It For You You will always be learning in this role through: On the job learning: opportunity to be immersed in the design and implementation of human-centric solutions to help solve client’s largest and most complex challenges, powered by the latest Google technologies and industry’s best practices such event-driven architectures and domain driven design. Collaborate on internal assets and contribute to open source community projects. Being part of Accenture Google Business Group’s close-knit, vibrant community; client teams pushing the boundaries of new business capabilities and emerging Google technologies sharing their experiences and lessons learned with each other. Opportunity to learn and work with Accenture’s certified Google Fellows and certified Google Cloud practitioners. As part of our Data & AI group, you will lead technology innovation for our clients through robust delivery of world-class solutions. You will build better software better! There will never be a typical day and that’s why people love it here. The opportunities to make a difference within exciting client initiatives are unlimited in the ever-changing technology landscape. You will be part of a highly collaborative and growing network of technology and data experts, who are taking on today’s biggest, most complex business challenges using the latest data and analytics technologies. We will nurture your talent in an inclusive culture that values diversity. You will have an opportunity to work in roles such as Data Scientist, Data Engineer, or Chief Data Officer covering all aspects of Data including Data Management, Data Governance, Data Intelligence, Knowledge Graphs, and IoT. Come grow your career in Technology at Accenture! Job Responsibilities: Entrepreneurial and motivated individual interested in building a book of business around a set of Partner-Accenture offerings, capabilities, solutions in the market place.Responsible for establishing the Data in the Cloud practice focused on the Google GCP Data stack.Own and maintain partner and alliance relationships.Develop operating model for staffing, delivery and growthDrive capability growth subject to business goals such as talent plans, chargeability and recoverabilitySupport sales and Go to Market functions by evangelizing the platform and providing thought leadership For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only.  Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts.  Basic Qualifications Minimum of 5 years planning, estimating and sizing cloud based data opportunities in a global delivery modelMinimum of 6 years of technical sales, architecture design, evaluation, and investigation in a cloud environment.Minimum of 6 years of Client Management and/or Project Management experience.Technical understanding of Data in the cloud.Ability to define and demonstrate expertise in both the business outcomes and technology aspects of the play.Experience in working with various go to market & Sales channels support sales and drive business.Experience with define and demonstrate expertise in both the business outcomes and technology aspects of cloud dataAbility to work with partners and drive joint business for Accenture and Google. Education Requirement Bachelor's degree or equivalent (minimum 12 years work experience). If Associate’s Degree, must have equivalent minimum 6 year work experience. Preferred Skills Google Cloud Platform (GCP) certification (or comparable experience),AWS, or Azure certification - Data migration and data processing experience on the Amazon AWS stack, specifically:- BigQuery Cloud DataFlowCloud DataProcCloud DataPrepCloud PubSubCloud ComposerCloud BigTable Previous Consulting or client service delivery experience on Google Cloud Platform (GCP).Experience with private and public cloud architectures, pros/cons, and migration considerations.Experience in and understanding of data and information management, esp in Big Data trends.Familiarity with the Technology stack available in the industry for data cataloging, data ingestion, capture, processing and curation: Kafka, StreamSets, Attunity, Collibra, Map Reduce, Hadoop, Spark, Flume, Hive, Impala, SparkSQLTechnical/Team Leadership Experience.Personnel Development Experience (hiring, resource planning, performance feedback, etc.). As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $99,900 - $168,499 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
696,696,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=52a45aeade9b28b5&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries, we offer Strategy and Consulting, Interactive, Technology and Operations services—all powered by the world’s largest network of Advanced Technology and Intelligent Operations centers. Our 514,000 people deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity every day, serving clients in more than 120 countries. We embrace the power of change to create value and shared success for our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities. Visit us at www.accenture.com We are: Solutions.AI is Accenture's collection of AI solutions that are designed to unlock new efficiencies and growth, enable new ways of working, and facilitate game-changing innovation–3x faster than the typical product lifecycle. Built and delivered on the foundation of Accenture's unparalleled AI expertise, data services, IP and ecosystem partners, our scalable, modular solutions minimize time to market and maximize business impact. The next AI revolution will be built by people like you. Visit us here to find out more about Solutions.AI. You are: A data expert with serious analytical and statistical chops. As a Manager with Accenture you will lead and grow a business leveraging and growing a data science team working with diverse clients and industries. You know how to take massive amounts of data and find the insights our clients need to help their companies do more. You have a deep understanding of applied behavioral insights from fields including behavioral science, psychology, and organizational development. You take a data-driven approach to designing experiments and analyzing data, with an excellent ability to communicate results to a diverse stakeholder group. The work: Lead and grow a data science business across our North American market Develop custom models based on in-depth understanding of underlying data, data structures, and business problems to ensure analytics deliverables meet client needs Develop standard models, solutions and assets that can be used as accelerators for similar problems across clients Define and assess the behaviors required to enable the success of a client’s data strategy and enable the adoption of data analytics tools and solutions Define the challenges clients face in utilizing data and insights, while understanding and identifying explanations for the underlying patterns of behaviors that contribute and can be changed Apply human-centered design principles to understand challenges, designing and prototyping behavior change initiatives Lead the co-design and implementation of experiments focused on behavioral change, with the potential to scale and embed solutions and processes if successful Design and test new experiences which trigger behavioral change in the context of work Identify the emergence of new patterns of behavior within the organization over-time Use your judgment to craft solutions to complex problems or seek guidance as needed Report on your progress regularly in writing and face-to-face Stay up to date on new products that clients could use Work with peers and senior colleagues in Accenture and at client companies  Here’s what you need: At least 7 years of demonstrated experience in the application of analytics, behavioral science, psychology, and organizational development in sophisticated and complex environments including the use of simulation and modeling tools At least 7 years of experiences in identifying key business use cases and developing solutions/assets to drive quick pilot/implementation At least 5 years of leading teams and performing data analytics and modeling with advanced languages like Python Bachelor's Degree (advanced degree preferred) or equivalent (minimum 12 years) work experience Bonus points if: You can technically lead data science projects You have client-facing experience and working with C-level executives You have experience with cloud platforms / services, big data tools, and deploying analytics as a service You have a graduate degree Important Information Travel For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts. Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture. As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $141,000 - $228,099 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
704,704,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/pagead/clk?mo=r&ad=-6NYlbfkN0Bjic9BpODao-m9BEup4myv2yv9o6hanv70kCRpjMjSDcmmrD9YS-C3oR4_7EU-DV1KfsnjnnxbUhfV4_4jp-C4KVIhcRVgQf7SPHHdcH0T8gRFQKCVGXKsLfP7FZhmGkDlrkhdc-ArRHnucKNmVHrsYme_xB5phL573oW6PztwafpeNgt-_UaIdzVyASRXXt3UtnqldU-LaLrNYavGaTb4N0_djRfC7CY2l8L775_tuBupKJplVEY18-fY-TKp7WImdFx5g0ahPtRcy1EuQClH0ieEZR1wUnCLbEVrgtISaT9RikOpwsQgQO_byNnwc7QLhGVE8PQvDlUQG8zJmHLt7eEgMYzOFmFJCgTW43HDQPx2vmcdPltI0pF1dLYAH3zTNoYN_3ThsLGj_CgHS04HvnVasKehYpSTGcIBnnTLw2ZpRrDK4FD7McLX4HCF3hn2huPfjiIgalShUMUg84UyEVD2Kt2Ib1QD3cZIEktvaRgFQ9tQ3kBhuR62MzkxminEfMc1EuFXA7ZDJ-bOSuvcbamFVatFDWXDRycDtv0jHEN2LmkpoVVNPfY_ZpW1UYx_YM-Syqt1hfBPXKyv8qNjtCGDI-IZ-yvj5Rx9ujCA50zmss_uYNnlJQ0jEY1I6j2VFG9n_q1iz78QIRqS-Erl9f1pavOsbGwxGMVdvFQpZw5M3EEwJUpvBSOgaQejutwg-2sORPHyi2GumQ-3MqCX4fHC7qhxkbjOqHCzSpQjVUdMY0VBNG7WAp6FNV-P81vcN9zYSyqczRBOabg94GucKPRgB_eBGMBRnvjj7y5q0YXYl7xapUdjR_3PoZGrxQ4wzg-GI0NY9Z90lgPdE7OXGRGSQkpYQLFYTG7E4sUak7m9gZwRzq_MyufXUvPNnd6jV5b7pVRWdlehuP51UNuqs7WXl2yMJX-n423Og-xnskyxXDo99msCHYLhEyijI3TDPcKAQ09RhcYvg25iMUODpfnWzmbkmv4teIGUb7NAcXvdOXi-zISngfvZZUzsw7Y-BhWPrDksvw==&p=2&fvj=0&vjs=3,"Immediate need for a talented Senior Data Scientist with experience in the Utilities Industry. This is a 12+ Contract opportunity with long-term potential and is located in Charlotte, NC. Please review the job description below,  Job ID: 21- 32215  Job Description: Serve as an expert in translating complex data into key strategy insights and valuable actions. Client business narratives told by the data and present them to other scientists, business stakeholders, and managers at various levels. Develop and test heuristics. Create and run models. Perform data exploration and data mining. Create business intelligence, dashboards, visualizations, and/or other advanced analytics reports to adequately tell the business narrative and offer recommendations that are practiced, actionable, and have material impact, in addition to being well-supported by analytical models and data.   Required/Basic Qualifications: Working knowledge of statistics, programming and predictive modeling. Working knowledge of code writing. Previous experience working in data mining or data engineering. Possess advanced statistics/machine learning knowledge and implementation skills. Experience with time series. Understanding of and ability to use programming languages like PySpark and SQL (Structured Query Language).   Our client is a leading Utilities Industry and we are currently interviewing to fill this and other similar contract positions. If you are interested in this position, please apply online for immediate consideration. #cha"
705,705,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=655e065d25171f6f&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"We are a leading partner to the world’s major cloud providers. The formation of Accenture Cloud First, with a $3 billion investment over three years, demonstrates our commitment to deliver greater value to our clients when they need it most. Our Cloud First multi-service group of more than 70,000 cloud professionals delivers a full stack of integrated cloud capabilities like data, edge, integrated infrastructure and applications, deep ecosystem skills, culture of change along with pre-configured industry solutions to shape, move, build and operate our clients’ businesses in the cloud. We combine world-class learning and talent development expertise; deep experience in cloud change management; and cloud-ready operating models with a commitment to responsible business by design — with security, data privacy, responsible use of artificial intelligence, sustainability and ethics and compliance built into the fundamental changes Accenture helps companies achieve.  Are you ready to step up to the New and take your technology expertise to the next level Accenture is looking for passionate and customer obsessed AWS cloud full stack developers to join our AWS Practice. You will help drive innovation, build differentiated solutions, and define new customer experiences for our customers (and customers, customers). You’ll work with smart people across our industry specialist organizations, and technology groups to help our customers get the most out of AWS in their cloud journey.  The AWS Practice within is home to our deepest AWS experts and supports Accenture’s more than 1,500 certified AWS architects across the company. Join our team and be among Accenture’s most talented AWS practitioners, our AWS SWAT team. The group is responsible for Accenture’s most complex AWS projects and provides our delivery capability for the Accenture AWS Business Group (AABG). AABG is the deepest relationship Amazon Web Services has with any partner in the ecosystem. Choosing Accenture and the AWS Practice will take your AWS experience and skills to the next level and allow you to work in an innovative and collaborative environment. At Accenture, you can lead the world’s largest enterprises on the path to native cloud transformation and serverless, on the leading edge of cloud.  Join Accenture and help transform leading organizations and communities around the world. The sheer scale of our capabilities and client engagements and the way we collaborate, operate and deliver value provides an unparalleled opportunity to grow and advance. Choose Accenture and make delivering innovative work part of your extraordinary career.  Learn more about our AWS careers here: AWS cloud careers page  You are: A motivated, inquisitive developer. You enjoy using your development skills to deliver innovative solutions that help our clients improve the services they provide. Driven by curiosity, you explore how new technologies can be applied to solve challenging business problems. You thrive in a collaborative, creative and productive team environment where ideas are freely exchanged, and innovative concepts evolve into practical solutions.  The work: Design and Implement AWS architectures and environments Design Native Cloud Application Architectures or optimize applications for AWS Collaborating within a project team to solve complex problems  Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts.  Basic Qualifications - At least 3- 5 years of Consulting or client service delivery experience on Amazon AWS (AWS) - At least 3- 5 years of experience in developing data ingestion, data processing and analytical pipelines for big data, relational databases, NoSQL and data warehouse solutions Extensive experience providing practical direction within the AWS Native and HadoopExperience with private and public cloud architectures, pros/cons, and migration considerations.Minimum of 5 years of hands-on experience in AWS and Big Data technologies such as Java, Node.js, C##, Python, SQL, EC2, S3, Lambda, Spark/SparkSQL, Hive/MR, Pig, Oozie and streaming technologies such as Kafka, Kinesis, NiFI etc.3-5+ years of hands on experience in programming languages such as Java, c#, node.js, python, pyspark, spark, SQL, Unix shell/Perl scripting etc.Experience working with DevOps tools such as GitLabs, Jenkins, CodeBuild, CoePipeline CodeDeploy, etc.Bachelors or higher degree in Computer Science or a related discipline. Must have at least one AWS Certification § Certified AWS Developer - Associate § Certified AWS DevOps – Professional § Certified AWS Big Data Specialty  Nice-to-Have Skills/Qualifications: DevOps on an AWS platform. Multi-cloud experience a plus.Experience developing and deploying ETL solutions on AWS using tools like Talend, Informatica, MatillionStrong in Java, C##, Spark, PySpark, Unix shell/Perl scriptingIoT, event-driven, microservices, containers/Kubernetes in the cloud  As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $43,200 - $114,499 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
706,706,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=975adf531dba07c7&fccid=03d1cab2c90ea3c2&vjs=3,"Build a better career with MSC. Serving customer and community starts with the very best people doing their very best work. That is precisely what we have at MSC Industrial Supply Co., a leading North American distributor of metalworking and maintenance, repair, and operations (MRO) products and services. Watch HERE to find out why you should work at MSC and join us as we continue to build a diverse and inclusive workplace. Requisition ID : 5550 Employment Type : Full Time Job Category : Information Technology Work Location : Davidson, NC (CSC) State or Province : North Carolina (US-NC) Potential Work Location : United States : North Carolina : Davidson   JOB TITLE: Sr. Data Scientist-REMOTE OPPORTUNITY  BRIEF POSITION SUMMARY: At MSC, we are growing our Analytics team and investing in forward-thinking BI and Data Analytics solutions. As we build out the team, we are looking for a smart and innovative leader who is self-sufficient and thrives in ambiguity, has experience in Analytics, and can drive results across MSC bridging business and technical areas. This is an opportunity to be a part of a special milestone, help us build the future of Analytics at MSC, and ignite a data-driven culture. The Data Scientist will identify business problems and solves them by using various numerical techniques, algorithms, and models in Statistical Modeling, Machine Learning, Operations Research, and Data Mining. With the opportunity to work on a broad spectrum of areas where our business partners need support to leverage data in a meaningful way to mitigate risk, reduce costs, and identify or create new growth opportunities such as Customer Churn, Upsell/Crosssell, Equipment Failure Prediction, Operational Tools Automation, Demand Forecasting, Alert Optimization, Supply Chain Optimization, Inventory & Capacity Planning, Process Design & Optimization, and Financial Modeling. This role is responsible for architecting and building pragmatic, scalable, and statistically rigorous solutions for focused business problems by leveraging or developing state-of-the-art statistical and machine learning methodologies on top of MSC's growing data ecosystem. Data Scientists also need communication skills to work across departments to understand what business leaders want to learn/gain from the company’s data assets. Additionally, this role will have direct reports in their squad consisting of on and offshore team members.  DUTIES and RESPONSIBILITIES: Provides technical leadership and guidance in advanced analytics solutions as well as: o Partner swith internal stakeholders on projects to identify and articulate opportunities, see beyond the data to identify solutions that will raise the bar for decision making. o Collaborates with cross-functional data and product teams across business applications to access and manipulate data, explain data gathering requirements, make recommendations, display results, and build efficient and scalable analytics solutions. o Analysis of operational data and user behavior to improve overall business performance. o Defines, computes, tracks, and continuously validate business metrics with diagnostic, predictive, prescriptive analytics. o Architects, builds and maintains data driven machine learning models, experiments, forecasting algorithms, and optimization models. o Mentors others as needed on best practices for design and implementation of cutting-edge analytics solutions. o Communicates final recommendations and drive decision making. Stays current with latest cloud technologies, patterns, and methodologies; share knowledge by clearly articulating results and ideas to key stakeholders. May be required to present ideas to larger audience for review and buy-in.Drives the MSC Culture in the department and throughout the company to ensure fulfillment of MSC’s vision and unity of purpose.Participation in special projects and performs additional duties as required  INDICATES ESSENTIAL DUTIES To perform this job successfully an associate must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of knowledge, experience level and abilities required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential duties.  EDUCATION and EXPERIENCE: Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field such as Data Science, Computer Science, Quantitative Finance, Math, Statistics, Physics or a related Engineering degree required. Master’s degree preferred. Minimum five years of experience in building models and developing algorithms for machine learning, statistics, mathematical programming, and simulation in industry and/or academia required. Minimum five years of experience in managing and analyzing large-scale structured and unstructured data using R or Python required. Minimum three years of experience in SQL in big data environments (i.e. Hadoop) and data modeling required. Experience with scientific computing and analysis packages such as NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, dplyr, or ggplot2 required. Experience with data visualization libraries such as D3, Matplotlib, Pyplot, ggplot2 required. Experience with Machine Learning, Statistics, or other data analysis tools and techniques required. Experience with statistics methods such as forecasting, time series, hypothesis testing, classification, clustering or regression analysis required. Experience writing testable code and shipping code into production required. Experience with DevOps process (exposure to GitHub, Jenkins or other CI/CD tools) required. Experience with machine learning libraries and packages such as PyTorch, Caffe2, TensorFlow, Keras or Theano preferred.  SKILLS: Strong Knowledge about Agile techniques: User Stories, Continuous Integration, Test Driven Development, Continuous Testing, Pairing, Automated Testing, Burn Down Metrics, Velocity etc. Strong knowledge of software development processes and procedures to understand team needs includes fundamentals of iterative and incremental development Knowledge of deep learning research. Familiarity with object-oriented programming languages (such as C++ or Java) and visualization tools from at least one toolset (e.g. Tableau, MicroStrategy,, Looker, SAS, Power BI, etc.)  OTHER REQUIREMENTS: A valid driver’s license and the ability to travel up to 15% of the time may be required.  Compensation commensurate with experience  Benefits may include: paid time away including holidays and parental leave, medical and dental plans, retirement savings plans with company-match, disability and life insurance, tuition reimbursement program, recognition and service award programs, wellness and workplace flexibility programs, stock purchase plan, and product discounts (Benefits may vary by location).”  Why MSC People. Collaboration. Insight. That’s how you build something that works. Built on a foundation of trust, MSC works side by side with our customers to help them drive business results. With more than one million product offerings and 75+ years of experience across industries, MSC strives to help our customers achieve greater productivity, profitability, and growth through inventory management and other innovative supply chain solutions.  We care about our associates and have programs in place to help our 6,500+ team members achieve their potential. When you join our team, you will receive rewards and recognition for your contributions, training and professional development opportunities, as well as a variety of benefits to support you and your family's health, well-being, and financial future.  If you are inspired to learn, take risks, and succeed as a team, you can build a better career at MSC.  Equal Opportunity Statement At MSC, we are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all qualified applicants and our associates without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression or any category protected by applicable law."
708,708,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=be8686a6c7a7fa6e&fccid=402f23c7b01ca527&vjs=3,"Job Summary: The primary purpose of this role is to translate business requirements and functional specifications into logical program designs and to deliver modules, stable application systems, and Data or Platform solutions. This includes developing, configuring, or modifying integrated business and/or enterprise infrastructure or application solutions within various computing environments. This role facilitates the implementation and maintenance of business and enterprise Data or Platform solutions to ensure successful deployment of released applications.  Key Responsibilities: Translates business requirements and specifications into logical program designs, modules, stable application systems, and data solutions with occasional guidance from senior colleagues; partners with Product Team to understand business needs and functional specifications Develops, configures, or modifies integrated business and/or enterprise application solutions within various computing environments by designing and coding component-based applications using various programming languages Conducts the implementation and maintenance of complex business and enterprise data solutions to ensure successful deployment of released applications Supports systems integration testing (SIT) and user acceptance testing (UAT), provides insight into defining test plans, and ensures quality software deployment Participates in the end-to-end product lifecycle by applying and sharing an in-depth understanding of company and industry methodologies, policies, standards, and controls Understands Computer Science and/or Computer Engineering fundamentals; knows software architecture and readily applies this to Data or Platform solutions Automates and simplifies team development, test, and operations processes; develops conceptual, logical and physical architectures consisting of one or more viewpoints (business, application, data, and infrastructure) required for business solution delivery Solves difficult technical problems; solutions are testable, maintainable, and efficient  Data Engineering Responsibilities Supports the build, maintenance and enhancements of data lake development; supports simple to medium complexity API, unstructured data parsing and streaming data ingestion Excels in one more domain; understands pipelines and business metrics Builds, tests and enhances data curation pipelines integration data from a wide variety of sources like DBMS, File systems and APIs for various KPIs and metrics development with high data quality and integrity Supports the development of feature / inputs for data models in an Agile manner Works with Data Science team to understand mathematical models and algorithms; participates in continuous improvement activities including training opportunities; continuously strives to learn analytic best practices and apply them to daily activities Handles data manipulation (extract, load, transform), data visualization, and administration of data and systems securely and in accordance with enterprise data governance standards Maintains the health and monitoring of assigned analytic capabilities for a specific data engineering solution; ensures high availability of the platform; monitors workload demands; works with Technology Job Description Page 2 of 3 Infrastructure Engineering teams to maintain the data platform; serves as an SME of one or more application   Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Computer Science, CIS, or related field (or equivalent work experience in a related field) 2 years of experience in Data, BI or Platform Engineering, Data Warehousing/ETL, or Software Engineering 1 year of experience working on project(s) involving the implementation of solutions applying development life cycles (SDLC)  Data Engineering Qualifications: 2 years of experience in Hadoop or any Cloud Bigdata components Expertise in Java/Scala/Python, SQL, Scripting, Teradata, Hadoop (Sqoop, Hive, Pig, Map Reduce), Spark (Spark Streaming, MLib), Kafka or equivalent Cloud Bigdata components  Preferred Qualifications: In most cases Lowe’s will not be able to provide sponsorship for roles located in the Tech Hub Master's degree in Computer Science, CIS, or related field 2 years of IT experience developing and implementing business systems within an organization 4 years of experience working with defect or incident tracking software 4 years of experience with technical documentation in a software development environment 2 years of experience working with an IT Infrastructure Library (ITIL) framework 2 years of experience leading teams, with or without direct reports Experience with application and integration middleware Experience with database technologies  About Lowe’s: Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (NYSE: LOW) is a FORTUNE® 50 home improvement company serving approximately 20 million customers a week in the United States and Canada. With fiscal year 2020 sales of nearly $90 billion, Lowe’s and its related businesses operate or service more than 2,200 home improvement and hardware stores and employ over 300,000 associates. Based in Mooresville, N.C., Lowe’s supports the communities it serves through programs focused on creating safe, affordable housing and helping to develop the next generation of skilled trade experts. For more information, visit Lowes.com.  About Lowe’s in the Community:  As a FORTUNE® 50 home improvement company, Lowe’s is committed to creating safe, affordable housing and helping to develop the next generation of skilled trade experts through nonprofit partnerships. Across every community we serve, Lowe’s associates donate their time and expertise through the Lowe’s Heroes volunteer program. For the latest news, visit Newsroom.Lowes.com or follow @LowesMedia on Twitter.  Lowe’s is an equal opportunity employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religious creed, sex, gender, age, ancestry, national origin, mental or physical disability or medical condition, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, military or veteran status, genetic information, or any other category protected under federal, state, or local law."
709,709,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8250cc75fe0383e6&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"We are: Applied Intelligence, the people who love using data to tell a story. We’re also the world’s largest team of data scientists, data engineers, and experts in machine learning and AI. A great day for us Solving big problems using the latest tech, serious brain power, and deep knowledge of just about every industry. We believe a mix of data, analytics, automation, and responsible AI can do almost anything—spark digital metamorphoses, widen the range of what humans can do, and breathe life into smart products and services. Want to join our crew of sharp analytical minds Visit us here to find out more about Applied Intelligence. You are: A data pro with serious analytical and statistical chops. You know how to take massive amounts of data and find the insights our clients need to help their companies do more. The work: Use statistics, data mining, Machine Learning, and deep learning techniques to deliver data-driven insights for our clientsApply data science methodologies to deliver insights to clientsWork with Accenture teams and clients to understand their challenges and create solutionsFacilitate the development of “request for proposals” responses and contract developmentBe a thought leader for your team on projects and about leading technologiesStay on top of AI trends  Here’s what you need: At least 3 years’ working in data science using statisticsAt least 2 years’ developing Machine Learning methodsAt least 2 years’ experience with techniques like clustering, regression, and optimizationAt least 2 years’ working with data science tools like Python, R, Scala, Julia, or SASA Bachelor’s degree in data science and related disciplines like mathematics, statistics, computer science, physics, or related fields Bonus points if: You have a Master’s degree in statistics, econometrics, mathematics, or statisticsData science is your passion and you’re creative and forward thinkingExperience with unsupervised learning methodologiesYou know your way around cloud services like AWS, Google and Azure and big data tools like Hadoop, Hive and SparkYou have know-how in AI, machine learning, data science, and other related areasYour consulting experience matches your analytical chopsPossess a blend of advanced analytical capabilities and consulting expertise that will create value and insights for our clientsAbility to work across industries and with cross-functional organizations do. As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $84,300 - $1,85,400 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
710,710,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=e7110f0d271d07e8&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"Who We Are A leading partner to the world’s major cloud providers, including AWS, Azure, and Google. The formation of Accenture Cloud First, with a $3 billion investment over three years, demonstrates our commitment to deliver greater value to our clients when they need it most and offers huge growth opportunities for you! Our Cloud First group of more than 70,000 cloud professionals delivers a full stack of integrated cloud capabilities across data, edge, integrated infrastructure and applications, deep ecosystem skills, culture of change along with a deep industry expertise to shape, move, build and operate our clients’ businesses in the cloud. To accelerate our customers transformation leveraging cloud, we combine world-class learning and talent development expertise; deep experience in cloud change management; and cloud-ready operating models with a commitment to responsible business by design — with security, data privacy, responsible use of artificial intelligence, sustainability and ethics and compliance built into the fundamental changes Accenture helps companies achieve. We are excited about the opportunities in the Cloud – and hope you are too! Learn more about why Accenture’s Google Cloud Business Group was named the 2019 Apigee Global SI Partner of the Year. What’s In It For You You will always be learning in this role through: On the job learning: opportunity to be immersed in the design and implementation of human-centric solutions to help solve client’s largest and most complex challenges, powered by the latest Google technologies and industry’s best practices such event-driven architectures and domain driven design. Collaborate on internal assets and contribute to open source community projects. Being part of Accenture Google Business Group’s close-knit, vibrant community; client teams pushing the boundaries of new business capabilities and emerging Google technologies sharing their experiences and lessons learned with each other. Opportunity to learn and work with Accenture’s certified Google Fellows and certified Google Cloud practitioners. As part of our Data & AI group, you will lead technology innovation for our clients through robust delivery of world-class solutions. You will build better software better! There will never be a typical day and that’s why people love it here. The opportunities to make a difference within exciting client initiatives are unlimited in the ever-changing technology landscape. You will be part of a highly collaborative and growing network of technology and data experts, who are taking on today’s biggest, most complex business challenges using the latest data and analytics technologies. We will nurture your talent in an inclusive culture that values diversity. You will have an opportunity to work in roles such as Data Scientist, Data Engineer, or Chief Data Officer covering all aspects of Data including Data Management, Data Governance, Data Intelligence, Knowledge Graphs, and IoT. Come grow your career in Technology at Accenture! Job Responsibilities: Entrepreneurial and motivated individual interested in building a book of business around a set of Partner-Accenture offerings, capabilities, solutions in the market place.Responsible for establishing the Data in the Cloud practice focused on the Google GCP Data stack.Own and maintain partner and alliance relationships.Develop operating model for staffing, delivery and growthDrive capability growth subject to business goals such as talent plans, chargeability and recoverabilitySupport sales and Go to Market functions by evangelizing the platform and providing thought leadership For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only.  Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts.  Basic Qualifications Minimum of 5 years planning, estimating and sizing cloud based data opportunities in a global delivery modelMinimum of 6 years of technical sales, architecture design, evaluation, and investigation in a cloud environment.Minimum of 6 years of Client Management and/or Project Management experience.Technical understanding of Data in the cloud.Ability to define and demonstrate expertise in both the business outcomes and technology aspects of the play.Experience in working with various go to market & Sales channels support sales and drive business.Experience with define and demonstrate expertise in both the business outcomes and technology aspects of cloud dataAbility to work with partners and drive joint business for Accenture and Google. Education Requirement Bachelor's degree or equivalent (minimum 12 years work experience). If Associate’s Degree, must have equivalent minimum 6 year work experience. Preferred Skills Google Cloud Platform (GCP) certification (or comparable experience),AWS, or Azure certification - Data migration and data processing experience on the Amazon AWS stack, specifically:- BigQuery Cloud DataFlowCloud DataProcCloud DataPrepCloud PubSubCloud ComposerCloud BigTable Previous Consulting or client service delivery experience on Google Cloud Platform (GCP).Experience with private and public cloud architectures, pros/cons, and migration considerations.Experience in and understanding of data and information management, esp in Big Data trends.Familiarity with the Technology stack available in the industry for data cataloging, data ingestion, capture, processing and curation: Kafka, StreamSets, Attunity, Collibra, Map Reduce, Hadoop, Spark, Flume, Hive, Impala, SparkSQLTechnical/Team Leadership Experience.Personnel Development Experience (hiring, resource planning, performance feedback, etc.). As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $99,900 - $168,499 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
711,711,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=52a45aeade9b28b5&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries, we offer Strategy and Consulting, Interactive, Technology and Operations services—all powered by the world’s largest network of Advanced Technology and Intelligent Operations centers. Our 514,000 people deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity every day, serving clients in more than 120 countries. We embrace the power of change to create value and shared success for our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities. Visit us at www.accenture.com We are: Solutions.AI is Accenture's collection of AI solutions that are designed to unlock new efficiencies and growth, enable new ways of working, and facilitate game-changing innovation–3x faster than the typical product lifecycle. Built and delivered on the foundation of Accenture's unparalleled AI expertise, data services, IP and ecosystem partners, our scalable, modular solutions minimize time to market and maximize business impact. The next AI revolution will be built by people like you. Visit us here to find out more about Solutions.AI. You are: A data expert with serious analytical and statistical chops. As a Manager with Accenture you will lead and grow a business leveraging and growing a data science team working with diverse clients and industries. You know how to take massive amounts of data and find the insights our clients need to help their companies do more. You have a deep understanding of applied behavioral insights from fields including behavioral science, psychology, and organizational development. You take a data-driven approach to designing experiments and analyzing data, with an excellent ability to communicate results to a diverse stakeholder group. The work: Lead and grow a data science business across our North American market Develop custom models based on in-depth understanding of underlying data, data structures, and business problems to ensure analytics deliverables meet client needs Develop standard models, solutions and assets that can be used as accelerators for similar problems across clients Define and assess the behaviors required to enable the success of a client’s data strategy and enable the adoption of data analytics tools and solutions Define the challenges clients face in utilizing data and insights, while understanding and identifying explanations for the underlying patterns of behaviors that contribute and can be changed Apply human-centered design principles to understand challenges, designing and prototyping behavior change initiatives Lead the co-design and implementation of experiments focused on behavioral change, with the potential to scale and embed solutions and processes if successful Design and test new experiences which trigger behavioral change in the context of work Identify the emergence of new patterns of behavior within the organization over-time Use your judgment to craft solutions to complex problems or seek guidance as needed Report on your progress regularly in writing and face-to-face Stay up to date on new products that clients could use Work with peers and senior colleagues in Accenture and at client companies  Here’s what you need: At least 7 years of demonstrated experience in the application of analytics, behavioral science, psychology, and organizational development in sophisticated and complex environments including the use of simulation and modeling tools At least 7 years of experiences in identifying key business use cases and developing solutions/assets to drive quick pilot/implementation At least 5 years of leading teams and performing data analytics and modeling with advanced languages like Python Bachelor's Degree (advanced degree preferred) or equivalent (minimum 12 years) work experience Bonus points if: You can technically lead data science projects You have client-facing experience and working with C-level executives You have experience with cloud platforms / services, big data tools, and deploying analytics as a service You have a graduate degree Important Information Travel For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts. Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture. As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $141,000 - $228,099 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
716,716,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5c9d079ff967e2d7&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"Who We Are A leading partner to the world’s major cloud providers, including AWS, Azure, and Google. The formation of Accenture Cloud First, with a $3 billion investment over three years, demonstrates our commitment to deliver greater value to our clients when they need it most and offers huge growth opportunities for you! Our Cloud First group of more than 70,000 cloud professionals delivers a full stack of integrated cloud capabilities across data, edge, integrated infrastructure and applications, deep ecosystem skills, culture of change along with a deep industry expertise to shape, move, build and operate our clients’ businesses in the cloud. To accelerate our customers transformation leveraging cloud, we combine world-class learning and talent development expertise; deep experience in cloud change management; and cloud-ready operating models with a commitment to responsible business by design — with security, data privacy, responsible use of artificial intelligence, sustainability and ethics and compliance built into the fundamental changes Accenture helps companies achieve. We are excited about the opportunities in the Cloud – and hope you are too! Learn more about our AWS careers here: AWS cloud careers page The Work Design cloud architectures to migrate on-prem data warehouses/marts to AWSConduct full technical discovery, identifying pain points, business, and technical requirements, “as is” and “to be” scenariosDevelop and prioritize use cases as it relates to Clients’ data migration Journey to AWSProvide prescriptive guidance across network, storage, Big Data, serverless architectures, Hadoop ecosystem, vendor products, RDBMS & NoSQL databases, and securityManage small teams of delivery engineers successfully delivering work efforts  What you need Certification as an active AWS cloud Solution Architect.At least 5 years of designing, building and operationalizing large-scale enterprise data solutions using one or more third-party resources such as Pyspark, Talend, Matellion, Informatica or native utilities as EC2, S3, DMS, Kinesis, Kafka Redshift, RDS, Aurora, Lambda, Spark, Glue etc.Minimum 5 years of experience with databases as Teradata, Snowflake, Oracle, Netezza etc.Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience, or an Associate degree with a minimum of 6 years of equivalent work experience. Bonus points if you have Implementing DevOps on AWS platformExperience in data governance fields as lineage, quality, catalog etc.Multi-cloud experience For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. Please note: All Accenture business travel is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. The safety and well-being of our people continues to be our top priority, and Accenture’s decisions around business travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts. As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $99,900 - $207,399 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
717,717,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=bd20f00fa8943580&fccid=c762a27145bd166e&vjs=3," Posting Title: Lead Machine Learning Engineer At VMware, we are committed to helping our people grow professionally. Our talented employees exemplify our shared values and continue to drive our company to new heights. If you see a position that might be right for you, we encourage you to apply and continue to be a part of our EPIC2 community. VMware is the leader in virtualization and cloud infrastructure solutions that enable our more than 350,000 enterprise and SMB customers to thrive in the Cloud era. A pioneer in the use of virtualization and automation technologies, VMware simplifies IT complexity across the entire data center to the virtual workplace, empowering customers with solutions in the software-defined data center to hybrid cloud computing and the mobile workspace. Our team of 20,000+ people working in 50+ locations worldwide is committed to building a community where great people want to work long term by living our values of passion, innovation, execution, teamwork, active learning and giving back. If you are ready to accelerate, innovate and lead, join us as we challenge constraints and problem solve for tomorrow today. Job Description:VMware IT Data Engineering & Analytics team is seeking a highly motivated, experienced Lead ML Engineer within Data & Analytics group located in Palo Alto, USA. This position is responsible for hands on development work - growing the internal ML Ops platform, ML modeling, performance tuning and optimization. The candidate will work closely with both IT Data Engineering & business teams to identify and implement Business IT data solutions Qualifications & Skills Bachelor’s degree or equivalent required with preference for Computer Science or Engineering. MS degree would be highly desirable. 10+ years of experience with software development, ML Ops, building distributed services & Kubernetes Be able to build hands-on develop propensity models (to buy, to sell, to respond), lead nurture, segmentation, cross-sell/up-sell models, forecasting using R, SAS, Python or any other language/Machine learning libraries Working experience on Deep Learning using Keras, PyTorch, Tensor flow. Strong Python & PySpark programming skills . Experience productizing Machine Learning algorithms and/or high-volume data processing Exposure in a wide variety of database technologies, from Postgres, SQLServer to NoSQL systems such as MongoDB, Cloudant, Cassandra, and/or Elasticsearch Desired Qualifications: Demonstrable experience designing scalable and highly available distributed systems Proficiency in Java. Experience with multiple languages a plus Category : Engineering and Technology Subcategory: Software Engineering Experience: Business Leadership Full Time/ Part Time: Full Time Posted Date: 2021-07-22 VMware Company Overview: At VMware, we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud, mobility, and security software form a flexible, consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps, services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution, passion, integrity, customers, and community. Shape what’s possible today at http://careers.vmware.com.  Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law."
719,719,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=fdd57b77806c81d6&fccid=2df6a1e69a70a1e7&vjs=3,"Cognizant (NASDAQ: CTSH) is a leading provider of information technology, consulting, and business process outsourcing services, dedicated to helping the world's leading companies build stronger businesses. Headquartered in Teaneck, New Jersey (U.S.). Cognizant is a member of the NASDAQ-100, the S&P 500, the Forbes Global 1000, and the Fortune 500 and we are among the top performing and fastest growing companies in the world.Our strength is built on our ability to work together. Our diverse backgrounds offer different perspectives and new ways of thinking. It encourages lively discussions, inspires thought leadership, and helps us build better solutions for our clients. We want someone who thrives in this setting and is inspired to craft meaningful solutions through true collaboration.  Cloud Data Architect- Full Time *This role is not able to offer visa transfer or sponsorship now or in the future*  AIA - Artificial Intelligence and Analytics Practice  This Practice that leads all initiatives surrounding incorporating AI into Customer Intelligence, Operations Intelligence, Product Intelligence, and Fraud Insights  Location and Travel: Charlotte, NC or REMOTE  Design and architect end to end solutions on AWS .  Design, build and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture, Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements.  Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability etc.  Resolve non-functional requirements such as performance, security, maintainability, scalability, monitoring, fault tolerance and cost.  Setup DevOps for AWS.  Monitor all production issues and inquiries and provide efficient resolution. .  Cognizant is committed to veteran and military communities. Cognizant has been often recognized as a military friendly employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our business resource group Veterans Network assists our military associates in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence.  Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : May 11 2021  About Cognizant Cognizant (Nasdaq-100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant is ranked 194 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us @USJobsCognizant.  Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service. Cognizant is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you have a disability that requires a reasonable accommodation to search for a job opening or submit an application, please email CareersNA2@cognizant.com with your request and contact information."
722,722,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=655e065d25171f6f&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"We are a leading partner to the world’s major cloud providers. The formation of Accenture Cloud First, with a $3 billion investment over three years, demonstrates our commitment to deliver greater value to our clients when they need it most. Our Cloud First multi-service group of more than 70,000 cloud professionals delivers a full stack of integrated cloud capabilities like data, edge, integrated infrastructure and applications, deep ecosystem skills, culture of change along with pre-configured industry solutions to shape, move, build and operate our clients’ businesses in the cloud. We combine world-class learning and talent development expertise; deep experience in cloud change management; and cloud-ready operating models with a commitment to responsible business by design — with security, data privacy, responsible use of artificial intelligence, sustainability and ethics and compliance built into the fundamental changes Accenture helps companies achieve.  Are you ready to step up to the New and take your technology expertise to the next level Accenture is looking for passionate and customer obsessed AWS cloud full stack developers to join our AWS Practice. You will help drive innovation, build differentiated solutions, and define new customer experiences for our customers (and customers, customers). You’ll work with smart people across our industry specialist organizations, and technology groups to help our customers get the most out of AWS in their cloud journey.  The AWS Practice within is home to our deepest AWS experts and supports Accenture’s more than 1,500 certified AWS architects across the company. Join our team and be among Accenture’s most talented AWS practitioners, our AWS SWAT team. The group is responsible for Accenture’s most complex AWS projects and provides our delivery capability for the Accenture AWS Business Group (AABG). AABG is the deepest relationship Amazon Web Services has with any partner in the ecosystem. Choosing Accenture and the AWS Practice will take your AWS experience and skills to the next level and allow you to work in an innovative and collaborative environment. At Accenture, you can lead the world’s largest enterprises on the path to native cloud transformation and serverless, on the leading edge of cloud.  Join Accenture and help transform leading organizations and communities around the world. The sheer scale of our capabilities and client engagements and the way we collaborate, operate and deliver value provides an unparalleled opportunity to grow and advance. Choose Accenture and make delivering innovative work part of your extraordinary career.  Learn more about our AWS careers here: AWS cloud careers page  You are: A motivated, inquisitive developer. You enjoy using your development skills to deliver innovative solutions that help our clients improve the services they provide. Driven by curiosity, you explore how new technologies can be applied to solve challenging business problems. You thrive in a collaborative, creative and productive team environment where ideas are freely exchanged, and innovative concepts evolve into practical solutions.  The work: Design and Implement AWS architectures and environments Design Native Cloud Application Architectures or optimize applications for AWS Collaborating within a project team to solve complex problems  Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts.  Basic Qualifications - At least 3- 5 years of Consulting or client service delivery experience on Amazon AWS (AWS) - At least 3- 5 years of experience in developing data ingestion, data processing and analytical pipelines for big data, relational databases, NoSQL and data warehouse solutions Extensive experience providing practical direction within the AWS Native and HadoopExperience with private and public cloud architectures, pros/cons, and migration considerations.Minimum of 5 years of hands-on experience in AWS and Big Data technologies such as Java, Node.js, C##, Python, SQL, EC2, S3, Lambda, Spark/SparkSQL, Hive/MR, Pig, Oozie and streaming technologies such as Kafka, Kinesis, NiFI etc.3-5+ years of hands on experience in programming languages such as Java, c#, node.js, python, pyspark, spark, SQL, Unix shell/Perl scripting etc.Experience working with DevOps tools such as GitLabs, Jenkins, CodeBuild, CoePipeline CodeDeploy, etc.Bachelors or higher degree in Computer Science or a related discipline. Must have at least one AWS Certification § Certified AWS Developer - Associate § Certified AWS DevOps – Professional § Certified AWS Big Data Specialty  Nice-to-Have Skills/Qualifications: DevOps on an AWS platform. Multi-cloud experience a plus.Experience developing and deploying ETL solutions on AWS using tools like Talend, Informatica, MatillionStrong in Java, C##, Spark, PySpark, Unix shell/Perl scriptingIoT, event-driven, microservices, containers/Kubernetes in the cloud  As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $43,200 - $114,499 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
723,723,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=52a45aeade9b28b5&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries, we offer Strategy and Consulting, Interactive, Technology and Operations services—all powered by the world’s largest network of Advanced Technology and Intelligent Operations centers. Our 514,000 people deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity every day, serving clients in more than 120 countries. We embrace the power of change to create value and shared success for our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities. Visit us at www.accenture.com We are: Solutions.AI is Accenture's collection of AI solutions that are designed to unlock new efficiencies and growth, enable new ways of working, and facilitate game-changing innovation–3x faster than the typical product lifecycle. Built and delivered on the foundation of Accenture's unparalleled AI expertise, data services, IP and ecosystem partners, our scalable, modular solutions minimize time to market and maximize business impact. The next AI revolution will be built by people like you. Visit us here to find out more about Solutions.AI. You are: A data expert with serious analytical and statistical chops. As a Manager with Accenture you will lead and grow a business leveraging and growing a data science team working with diverse clients and industries. You know how to take massive amounts of data and find the insights our clients need to help their companies do more. You have a deep understanding of applied behavioral insights from fields including behavioral science, psychology, and organizational development. You take a data-driven approach to designing experiments and analyzing data, with an excellent ability to communicate results to a diverse stakeholder group. The work: Lead and grow a data science business across our North American market Develop custom models based on in-depth understanding of underlying data, data structures, and business problems to ensure analytics deliverables meet client needs Develop standard models, solutions and assets that can be used as accelerators for similar problems across clients Define and assess the behaviors required to enable the success of a client’s data strategy and enable the adoption of data analytics tools and solutions Define the challenges clients face in utilizing data and insights, while understanding and identifying explanations for the underlying patterns of behaviors that contribute and can be changed Apply human-centered design principles to understand challenges, designing and prototyping behavior change initiatives Lead the co-design and implementation of experiments focused on behavioral change, with the potential to scale and embed solutions and processes if successful Design and test new experiences which trigger behavioral change in the context of work Identify the emergence of new patterns of behavior within the organization over-time Use your judgment to craft solutions to complex problems or seek guidance as needed Report on your progress regularly in writing and face-to-face Stay up to date on new products that clients could use Work with peers and senior colleagues in Accenture and at client companies  Here’s what you need: At least 7 years of demonstrated experience in the application of analytics, behavioral science, psychology, and organizational development in sophisticated and complex environments including the use of simulation and modeling tools At least 7 years of experiences in identifying key business use cases and developing solutions/assets to drive quick pilot/implementation At least 5 years of leading teams and performing data analytics and modeling with advanced languages like Python Bachelor's Degree (advanced degree preferred) or equivalent (minimum 12 years) work experience Bonus points if: You can technically lead data science projects You have client-facing experience and working with C-level executives You have experience with cloud platforms / services, big data tools, and deploying analytics as a service You have a graduate degree Important Information Travel For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts. Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture. As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $141,000 - $228,099 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
724,724,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=730701d9c8a181ee&fccid=5bd99dfa21c8a490&vjs=3,"Job Description: This is a Data Science and Engineering role supporting a new initiative at Bank of America in Addison, TX. The Platform Engineering team will be building a single unified FOSS based ML/AI Platform for Consumer, Small Business, Wealth Management and Fraud use cases and partners. Candidate must possess a passion for producing high quality software and solutions, be ready to jump in and solve complex problems, and interact with users to understand the requirements and deliver solutions as a design-build-run engineer. Required Skills-Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Computer Science or related field-5+ years of hands-on experience in software development or data science-Strong understanding of OOP fundamentals in either Java or Python-Ensure the solution development, release and op teams have the proper tools and training for success-Collaborate with Solution Architects and technology groups to designing, developing, and maintaining software solutions-Model the segment architectures to discover patterns, bottlenecks and opportunities for increasing efficiency-Experience working on Agile teams-Excellent verbal and written communication skills Desired Skills-Must have extensive hands on experience in designing, developing, and maintaining software solutions in Big Data and Data Science Platforms. Knowledge of processing and deployment technologies such YARN, Linux and Containers-Hands on experience in designing, developing, and maintaining software frameworks using, Spark, Hadoop/MR, H2O, Jupyter, Anaconda, Python etc.-Experience building platform for E2E ML pipelines using Python, R, H2O, Tensorflow and Big Data platform: Data prep, Model Build, training models, Deployment, Scoring, Monitoring and optimization-Experience programming and building full stack solutions utilizing distributed computing and Python, Scala or Java-Experience in developing integration on Hadoop cluster with Spark framework for deploying runtime Job Band: H5 Shift: 1st shift (United States of America) Hours Per Week: 40 Weekly Schedule: Referral Bonus Amount: 0"
726,726,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=04147c4b1b58ea0e&fccid=3cc82e28c6738024&vjs=3,"The Company Diligent is the pioneer in modern governance. We empower leaders to turn governance into a competitive advantage through unparalleled insight and highly secure, integrated SaaS applications, helping organizations thrive and endure in today’s complex, global landscape. The largest global network of corporate directors and executives, Diligent is relied on by more than 19,000 organizations and nearly 700,000 leaders in over 90 countries. With award-winning customer service, Diligent serves more than 50% of the Fortune 1000, 70% of the FTSE 100, and 65% of the ASX. Our passionate, smart, and creative group of more than 1,000 employees support customers around the globe. Position Overview At Diligent, we are building the next big software company and all major decisions are driven by data. Since data takes such a prominent role in our success here at Diligent, we are looking for a standout analytics manager for the marketing department. As the Marketing Analytics Manager, you will be responsible for guiding Diligent’s marketing and sales decisions by crunching large data sets, analyzing results, and delivering key insights to the leadership team and the general marketing department. Key Responsibilities Be the Go-To person when it comes to data and digital analytics Work with local markets to make sure the foundation for data analysis is set-up comprehensively Implement End-to-End tracking in markets to optimize towards ROI Monitor analytics to identify actionable insights that support business decision Highlight key trends and drivers that go deeper than regular performance and KPI dashboard reporting. Be curious to interrogate data and identify hidden patterns Suggest and execute A/B tests to drive improvements - from hypothesis creation to building case studies Advocate the data-driven culture by coaching colleagues on how to make decisions from data Manage project progress and key stakeholders to ensure timely and successful delivery of projects Connecting the dots between multiple systems to create data visualizations to capture key insights to help company efficiency and growth. Spot patterns to improve our marketing and sales approach. Everything from advertising data to sales behavior data. Use available data sources to deep dive and troubleshoot campaign and overall performance issues and propose methodical optimization tests, both on-site and campaign-based. Spot potential to implement innovative methodologies and improve analytical procedures. Develop Dashboard concepts and provide metrics and reporting to drive decisions to key stakeholders. You will work very closely with the VP, Digital Marketing, and various leaders in the marketing organization; you will be supporting the entire digital marketing org, while working closely with peers on the broader analytics team Required Experience/Skills: 3-6 years of experience in the analytic field Strong experience with business intelligence tools such as Domo or Tableau along with understanding of CRM systems like Salesforce Experience in marketing systems a plus (Google analytics, Google Adwords, Marketo) Strong technical competence to perform advanced analytics: Coding skills like SQL, proficiency in Excel, experience performing analysis with large datasets You have proven success in a high growth, rapidly changing environment Strong quantitative and analytical skills A passion for problem solving Complete comfort working in a fast-paced, team oriented environment Domo certification a huge plus FLSA Status: Exempt Diligent offers a competitive compensation and benefits package, including health, vision, dental, 401k with a strong match, health club reimbursement and much more. We are a drug free workplace, and an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law."
727,727,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=8250cc75fe0383e6&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"We are: Applied Intelligence, the people who love using data to tell a story. We’re also the world’s largest team of data scientists, data engineers, and experts in machine learning and AI. A great day for us Solving big problems using the latest tech, serious brain power, and deep knowledge of just about every industry. We believe a mix of data, analytics, automation, and responsible AI can do almost anything—spark digital metamorphoses, widen the range of what humans can do, and breathe life into smart products and services. Want to join our crew of sharp analytical minds Visit us here to find out more about Applied Intelligence. You are: A data pro with serious analytical and statistical chops. You know how to take massive amounts of data and find the insights our clients need to help their companies do more. The work: Use statistics, data mining, Machine Learning, and deep learning techniques to deliver data-driven insights for our clientsApply data science methodologies to deliver insights to clientsWork with Accenture teams and clients to understand their challenges and create solutionsFacilitate the development of “request for proposals” responses and contract developmentBe a thought leader for your team on projects and about leading technologiesStay on top of AI trends  Here’s what you need: At least 3 years’ working in data science using statisticsAt least 2 years’ developing Machine Learning methodsAt least 2 years’ experience with techniques like clustering, regression, and optimizationAt least 2 years’ working with data science tools like Python, R, Scala, Julia, or SASA Bachelor’s degree in data science and related disciplines like mathematics, statistics, computer science, physics, or related fields Bonus points if: You have a Master’s degree in statistics, econometrics, mathematics, or statisticsData science is your passion and you’re creative and forward thinkingExperience with unsupervised learning methodologiesYou know your way around cloud services like AWS, Google and Azure and big data tools like Hadoop, Hive and SparkYou have know-how in AI, machine learning, data science, and other related areasYour consulting experience matches your analytical chopsPossess a blend of advanced analytical capabilities and consulting expertise that will create value and insights for our clientsAbility to work across industries and with cross-functional organizations do. As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $84,300 - $1,85,400 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
731,731,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5c9d079ff967e2d7&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"Who We Are A leading partner to the world’s major cloud providers, including AWS, Azure, and Google. The formation of Accenture Cloud First, with a $3 billion investment over three years, demonstrates our commitment to deliver greater value to our clients when they need it most and offers huge growth opportunities for you! Our Cloud First group of more than 70,000 cloud professionals delivers a full stack of integrated cloud capabilities across data, edge, integrated infrastructure and applications, deep ecosystem skills, culture of change along with a deep industry expertise to shape, move, build and operate our clients’ businesses in the cloud. To accelerate our customers transformation leveraging cloud, we combine world-class learning and talent development expertise; deep experience in cloud change management; and cloud-ready operating models with a commitment to responsible business by design — with security, data privacy, responsible use of artificial intelligence, sustainability and ethics and compliance built into the fundamental changes Accenture helps companies achieve. We are excited about the opportunities in the Cloud – and hope you are too! Learn more about our AWS careers here: AWS cloud careers page The Work Design cloud architectures to migrate on-prem data warehouses/marts to AWSConduct full technical discovery, identifying pain points, business, and technical requirements, “as is” and “to be” scenariosDevelop and prioritize use cases as it relates to Clients’ data migration Journey to AWSProvide prescriptive guidance across network, storage, Big Data, serverless architectures, Hadoop ecosystem, vendor products, RDBMS & NoSQL databases, and securityManage small teams of delivery engineers successfully delivering work efforts  What you need Certification as an active AWS cloud Solution Architect.At least 5 years of designing, building and operationalizing large-scale enterprise data solutions using one or more third-party resources such as Pyspark, Talend, Matellion, Informatica or native utilities as EC2, S3, DMS, Kinesis, Kafka Redshift, RDS, Aurora, Lambda, Spark, Glue etc.Minimum 5 years of experience with databases as Teradata, Snowflake, Oracle, Netezza etc.Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience, or an Associate degree with a minimum of 6 years of equivalent work experience. Bonus points if you have Implementing DevOps on AWS platformExperience in data governance fields as lineage, quality, catalog etc.Multi-cloud experience For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. Please note: All Accenture business travel is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. The safety and well-being of our people continues to be our top priority, and Accenture’s decisions around business travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts. As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $99,900 - $207,399 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
732,732,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=5c9d079ff967e2d7&fccid=a4e4e2eaf26690c9&vjs=3,"Who We Are A leading partner to the world’s major cloud providers, including AWS, Azure, and Google. The formation of Accenture Cloud First, with a $3 billion investment over three years, demonstrates our commitment to deliver greater value to our clients when they need it most and offers huge growth opportunities for you! Our Cloud First group of more than 70,000 cloud professionals delivers a full stack of integrated cloud capabilities across data, edge, integrated infrastructure and applications, deep ecosystem skills, culture of change along with a deep industry expertise to shape, move, build and operate our clients’ businesses in the cloud. To accelerate our customers transformation leveraging cloud, we combine world-class learning and talent development expertise; deep experience in cloud change management; and cloud-ready operating models with a commitment to responsible business by design — with security, data privacy, responsible use of artificial intelligence, sustainability and ethics and compliance built into the fundamental changes Accenture helps companies achieve. We are excited about the opportunities in the Cloud – and hope you are too! Learn more about our AWS careers here: AWS cloud careers page The Work Design cloud architectures to migrate on-prem data warehouses/marts to AWSConduct full technical discovery, identifying pain points, business, and technical requirements, “as is” and “to be” scenariosDevelop and prioritize use cases as it relates to Clients’ data migration Journey to AWSProvide prescriptive guidance across network, storage, Big Data, serverless architectures, Hadoop ecosystem, vendor products, RDBMS & NoSQL databases, and securityManage small teams of delivery engineers successfully delivering work efforts  What you need Certification as an active AWS cloud Solution Architect.At least 5 years of designing, building and operationalizing large-scale enterprise data solutions using one or more third-party resources such as Pyspark, Talend, Matellion, Informatica or native utilities as EC2, S3, DMS, Kinesis, Kafka Redshift, RDS, Aurora, Lambda, Spark, Glue etc.Minimum 5 years of experience with databases as Teradata, Snowflake, Oracle, Netezza etc.Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience, or an Associate degree with a minimum of 6 years of equivalent work experience. Bonus points if you have Implementing DevOps on AWS platformExperience in data governance fields as lineage, quality, catalog etc.Multi-cloud experience For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. Please note: All Accenture business travel is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. The safety and well-being of our people continues to be our top priority, and Accenture’s decisions around business travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts. As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $99,900 - $207,399 and information on benefits offered is here. What We Believe We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement. Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."
734,734,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=1d06d4637296dd37&fccid=57accab7169761bd&vjs=3,"Our Company: Kindred at Home, part of the Kindred at Home family of hospice, home health, palliative, and community care providers, focuses on clinical excellence with compassion and dignity. Our company culture centers around humility, servant leadership, empathy, and innovation while we serve as a leader in the home care industry. Our people and our patient care allow us to make a difference when life matters most. We are passionate about what we do because our care matters. Overview:  We’re looking for a Senior Data Analyst to join our team. You will report directly to the VP of Sales and Operations Analytics. The Senior Data Analyst is responsible for applying forecasting and/or statistical analysis to the company’s sales trends and operational metrics and reporting the results. Apply forecasting or statistical analysis to company’s sales trends and operational metrics Gather, organize, analyze, and report operational and sales data Evaluate performance metrics to determine acceptable levels of quality or efficiency for various business functions and units Research, compile, assimilate, and prepare confidential/sensitive documents and memoranda Audit files for purpose of analyzing management and organizations policies About You: Bachelor’s degree required. Master’s degree preferred Five to seven years related experience required Healthcare industry experience a plus SQL programming experience preferred High preference given to those with statistical expertise We Offer: Comprehensive Benefits Package: Health Insurance, 401k Plan, Tuition Reimbursement, PTO Opportunity to Participate In a Fleet Program Competitive Salaries Mileage Reimbursement Professional Growth and Development Opportunities Legalese: This is a safety-sensitive position Employee must meet minimum requirements to be eligible for benefits Where applicable, employee must meet state specific requirements We are proud to be an EEO employer We maintain a drug-free workplace Location: Kindred at Home - Hospice Division"
737,737,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=76485aecb40e2736&fccid=dbfa0628efe7b5d8&vjs=3,"Sr. Director of Business Insights and Data Science AvidXchange Charlotte NC, 1210 AVIDXCHANGE LN, CHARLOTTE, North Carolina, United States of America Req #3056  Monday, June 21, 2021 About AvidXchange  AvidXchange is the industry leader in automating invoice and payment processes for mid-market businesses. Founded in the year 2000, AvidXchange processes over $140 billion transactions annually across its network of more than 600,000 suppliers, transforming the way 6,000 customers in North America pay their bills. AvidXchange is distinguished as a global fintech unicorn and one of the fastest growing technology companies in the U.S. with 1,400 employees supporting customers across seven office locations. Our employees live by our core values, including “Innovate to Change the Game”, “Passion about Customer Success”, “Win as a Team”, “Play to our Strengths”, and “Have a Blast”. We are on a mission to create something different at AvidXchange. Come join the team! JOB OVERVIEW You'll be responsible for running the Business Insights & Data Science organization, supporting the growth of the company with AvidXchange’s bank and direct customer base. This person will act as the thought leader on strategy and vision for these groups. The goal of the group is to provide reporting, insights, and tools to measure effectiveness of revenue, customer delivery operations and various cost/efficiency drivers. JOB RESPONSIBILITIESLeads business insights and data science teams which deliver to all customers and operating units within AvidXchange.Be the independent driver of insights, reports and efficacy of operations and deliver across business unit and AvidXchange.Be the thought leader and resident expert in use of data science, data engineering, and insight generation that will help make the business more successful.Be the spokesperson and salesperson inside AvidXchange and outside for leveraging data to drive decisions and strategy.Define, establish, and lead a standardized data-driven operating model across companyIn partnership with SVP, get buy in from executives and other key leaders, define core KPIs for each operating unit, lead team to generate insights against those core KPIs, deliver self-service BI to empower operating units to run the business using data daily, and deliver data science solutions to optimize operating units.Analyze the competitive landscape and spot trends and opportunities that could impact our ability to build valuable insights and analytics across the organization.Create, develop, coach, and lead a high performing team.Collaborate with cross functional leaders and effectively work within the organization to improve our margin, spot new revenue opportunities, and find ways to use data and insights to improve our overall Customer Experience.Deliver analysis, tools, and report to enhance the knowledge and decision-making ability of various business departments.Be the strategic and analytical leader that supports the broader AvidXchange teams, stakeholders, and investors through your teams’ data deliverables.Identify opportunities to leverage insights, data science, and data reporting to optimize internal and external customer experiences, optimize internal operations, and help the organization scale through the use of company data as an asset. EXPERIENCE, QUALIFICATIONS & SKILLS Required Experience, Qualifications, and SkillsMinimum 10 years of experience generating insight using various sources of data and feedback from customers and stake holders. Deep knowledge of analytics, reporting tools and using statistical models and other techniques to provide business insights.Multiple years of experience with modern data platforms to deliver insights, data science, and data engineering solutionsSuperior analytical skills and insatiable business curiosity. Passionate about turning data into actionable information to drive value.Ability to be a strategic, entrepreneurial, and operational leader that is required to grow a startup into a large, thriving center for excellence within a fast-growing organization.Significant experience/expertise with best practices in insight generation, modeling and use of analytics.Exemplary business partnership, cross functional influencing skills and organizational management skills.Ability to perform effectively in a fast-paced, demanding environment.Unquestioned professional integrity.Strong written and oral communication and presentation skills.Ability to build and motivate teams to produce quality materials within tight timeframes.Ability to simultaneously manage multiple projects.  Equal Employment Opportunity Statement  AvidXchange is an equal opportunity employer. AvidXchange is committed to equal employment opportunity in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. AvidXchange will not discriminate against applicants for employment on any legally recognized basis. This includes, but is not limited to: veteran status, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, age and physical or mental disability. Other details Job Family Business Intelligence and Data Job Function Data Analytics & Business Intelligence Pay Type Salary Employment Indicator Management"
741,741,Charlotte,data+scientist,https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=61a9804c028cf102&fccid=4fd74d1a2ce63e66&vjs=3,"Senior Data Science Engineer (K-12 Education Technology) Atlanta, GA, USA  Austin, TX, USA  Charlotte, NC, USA  Chicago, IL, USA  Dallas, TX, USA  Denver, CO, USA  Los Angeles, CA, USA  Minneapolis, MN, USA  New York, NY, USA  Phoenix, AZ, USA  Portland, OR, USA  Salt Lake City, UT, USA  San Diego, CA, USA  San Francisco, CA, USA  San Jose, CA, USA  Seattle, WA, USA  United States  Virtual Req #341  Wednesday, May 26, 2021 Company Overview  At Savvas Learning Company, we’re committed to a world that’s always learning and to our talented team who makes it all possible. From bringing lectures vividly to life to turning textbooks into laptop lessons, we are always re-examining the way people learn best, whether it’s one child in our own backyard or an education community across the globe. We are bold thinkers and standout innovators who motivate each other to explore new frontiers in an environment that supports and inspires us to always be better. By pushing the boundaries of technology and each other to surpass these boundaries, we create seeds of learning that become the catalyst for the world’s innovations, personal and global, large and small.  Job Description  We are looking for an experienced data scientist to perform the design and development of data pipelines, building new predictive models and manage/train the existing models in support of the data science applications. This role is focused on developing data solutions for the business that will help to answer strategic questions and provide insights into product effectiveness.  Responsibilities  Design and implement automated data pipelines that enable further analysis by the data science team. Identify, evaluate, and select appropriate technologies aligned with the technical and business objectives. Work on a small team with dynamic priorities based on customer interactions. Work with data science team to understand requirements and develop best technical practices for working together. Research development options and provide analysis for product direction. Ensure efficient performance and scalability of all designs and implementations. Show a desire and ability to learn new technologies and techniques and share knowledge in a small-team, agile environment. Demonstrate a passion for software development and high quality code.  Qualifications  Master’s or Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, with strong fundamentals and problem solving skills. Ability to lead a small team (globally distributed) of 4-6 individuals and help drive sound engineering design, process and quality practices, and perform acceptance engineering. Communicate predictions and findings to the leadership team through effective data visualizations and reports. Proficiency in R/Python, SQL, NoSQL, Shell Scripting, Linux. Familiarity with open source data visualization tools (e.g. matplotlib, ggplot, bokeh, D3). Excellent communication and presentation skills. Skills  In-depth familiarity with Deep Learning, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, and Advanced Statistical Analysis. At least 2-3 years experience with R, Python, Java & Scala. At least 3 years experience working with SQL databases (Redshift & SQL Server). At least 2 years experience with Apache Spark, Pachyderm, or other scalable data science platforms. At least 2 years experience with statistical, machine learning, or artificial intelligence based applications. At least 1 year experience with AWS technologies: EMR, Glue, Athena, S3. At least 1 year experience with Azure SQL database. At least 1-2 years experience in DevOps. Nice to have Technical Skills  Experience with Angular JS applications. Experience with orchestration and containerization technologies: Kubernetes, Helm, Docker. This role can be home based / remote from anywhere in the United States.  More about Savvas Learning Company  Savvas Learning Company is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and a member of E-Verify. All qualified applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply.   Savvas Learning Company provides access to a benefits experience created to offer our employees choice, flexibility, and the opportunity to save money for the future. Benefits include medical, dental, vision, tax-advantaged accounts, pharmacy, life insurance, disability insurance, matching 401(k), and paid time off. Our benefits are part of a total package that is carefully designed to support the total well-being of our employees.   Please visit www.savvas.com for more information about us, or visit us at LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook, or YouTube.    #LI-JM1 Other details Pay Type Salary"
